You got the order wrong? Good job on making the wrong into a right!  ORDER So my friend and I ordered a happy meal and replaced the drink with a coffee. We also wanted one of those cinnamon bun.  The cashier didn't punch the cinnamon bun into the register.  When we got our order, and there was no cinnamon bun, he apologized and gave us a discount on the cinnamon bun. We felt good.  Hangout There is a TV and free wifi at this location. Is this normal? It was great!  PARKING Free parking!

This location had been stuck in the 80's up until recently and service was very poor (orders missing things or just plain wrong). They added electronic ordering kiosks which allow you to input your own order, exactly how you want it and your receipt has a number that is soon after called out for you to pick up. I would still suggest double checking that everything is correct when you receive your food as this location is known for it's incompetent staff (even when it's not busy!).  Gave it 3-stars only because I love the new kiosks and new renovations they've done. Otherwise I'd give it a 2-star.

Biggest problem with this location is staff!! if you get the young staff, they're too busy filling their friends and/or coworkers orders first.  if you get an older staff member, they're doing their job but at a much slower pace.  I guess they rely on their location to keep them busy rather then treating their customers good.  Also, everyone knows in almost any job, coworkers and friends try to hook each other up, but don't make it so obvious infront of paying customers.

It wasn't that busy considering the major storm we had yesterday, and after driving for over an hour and only moving a few KMs, I figured I'd stop in for a bathroom pit stop, some coffee and my favourite McD thing of all times, the fries.  First the pit stop.. the place was filthy to say the least and surprisingly tiny.. but to make it worse, there was a staff just standing in there blocking the way and just on his phone.    Went back to get my fries, and grabbed a seat and almost sat on a seat with spilled coffee.. luckily I stopped just at the last second.  Grabbed another seat and noticed no one was around to clean anything up during my whole stay.  Finally got to the fries, and it was stone cold.  And by this time, a huge line had developed, and I was too tired and cranky to go do anything about it.  Instead I just kept thinking of the review I was going to write.. but as with all my reviews (except for one) I give it some time so I don't go all out nuclear after a bad experience.  Bah.

This is a great location. It's very busy but clean and the staff is on the ball. My food is always fresh and they always give extra sauce on your sundae. It's a community hub for the local school kids and seniors alike. The dining room is relaxed.

VIBE  Forget about Lavalife. If you're looking for a 60 year old single Greek man, he's definitely here during the day. They're all over the place speaking Greek. It's really...all Greek to me. Otherwise, there's a teacher marking drawings at a booth (seriously). This one is spacious and open and clean though. It's nice.   I ATE  Craving the quarter pounder. Even after double checking the price of $8.92 for my combo, I realized that the cashier LIED to me and gave me a double quarter pounder. GRR. Then 3/4 way through the meal, realized part of my burger was pink. I'm no hamburger expert but if I see pink in my burger at McDonald's I get concerned!   OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK  It's not a good sign when you say I don't feel so good after a McDonald's meal. I don't think I'll need it for another 6 months. Self-sabotage sometimes works!

The hottest joint for the 60+ Greek crews in pape village ;-) half the staff is very nice and the other half is well -- So dumb and rude . I ordered a meal from very rude girl and walked home looked in my meal and it was missing half - I walked back in middle of winter and politely asked the girl for the missing things she forgot- she rolled her eyes instead of saying sorry and got one thing put someof the missing things in my bag and walked away ..I asked can I have new fries she said um why - I said they are cold as I had to walk home and back here and again she rolled her eyes got them and put them in my bag . I was checking if everything was there and she again for got my yogurt that I originally ordered! While I was looking she says EVERYTHING IS THERE in a rude tone I said actually u forgot my yogurt she gives me a dirty look grabs it and slams it on the counter ..wtf ??

BRUTAL STAFF.  i have been here at least 6 times cause i live close and i think they have screwed up my order...4 times.  enough said....not pleased...will go back cause it's Mickey D's but i am checking my order thoroughly!

In the last 5 visits or so, this McDonalds location has either been slow, or part of your order is not given, and on one of the 5 visits, they completely burned the Egg McMuffin, and on another, with the same for me and the sausage egg McMuffin for my husband, they reversed the top facing words for the type of McMuffin. The last time I was there, they left out one of the two pies I ordered, and a number of times they have been slow on making the Jr. Bacon Cheeseburgers and smoothies, sometimes meaning two or even 3 other customers having their orders completed before mine. It seems like the new hires that they got recently are terrible, unlike how this location used to be, which it used to be pretty good about 5 years ago. Plus it's often full or nearly so at the tables.

Tried the new and widely advertised artisan chicken sandwich.  Save your money and don't waste your time.  The chicken was paper thin and only covered about half the bun.  The tomato was thicker than the piece of chicken.  We usually only get the ice cream products for the kids, but thought I would give them chance since I haven't eaten had a McDonald's location in three plus years.  Guess I'll wait another three years......

I wish NO stars was a possibility. What a horrendous experience. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Starving is better than coming here. You've been warned!

Out of date/time apple pies . Fish sandwich covered in sauce both inside the bun, outside the bun and in the box. Not good! Complained about cold fries they replaced them with more cold fries.

This is by far the worst McDonald's in allegheny county.  Tables were all dirty floor was dirty with food still on the floor. Side salad had hairs in it.   90° weather outside inside was 85 air conditioning was not on. Hamburger was burnt with black grease dripping out of it. Self serve drink station's ice machine did not work.

This has to be the absolute WORST Mcdonalds!! As I walked in a guy was walking out just looked at me and said Goodluck you'll need it!  Then i stood in front of the register for 10 minutes as the staff seemed to try to not make eye contact with me. From there one of the managers friends I'm assuming with the way they spoke to each other walked in they gave her 3 bags of food and she left.. Finally I said something ordered a burger with no onion (keep in mind I'm the ONLY person in there) after another 10 minutes I get it... It has onions... Took another 5 minutes to get someone to acknowledge that I'm still standing there I inform them that it isn't correct after waiting 7 minutes for them to remake it I said nevermind I'm done I just want my money back... I called the store to get there franchise corporate number called them and they assured someone would call me to follow up.. Never heard anything. And by the looks of the other reviews without any responses they could careless.. At this point I'm not sure even calling McDonald's corporate offices would help at all.

McDonald's serves its purpose, A quick junk bite for on the fly. I love the deals on the app until...   What purpose is the mobile app offering B1G1 breakfast sandwiches if your also running a 2 for $4 promotion? So after I buy my 2 sausage,egg and biscuit sandwiches the total is 5.02. I get to the window and scan the app and no discount. As the employee calls the manager he told me about the 2 for $4. The bottom line is the app is just a sucker deal. Disgruntled

I am shocked right now. I just witnessed what appeared to be the manager, be completely rude to an elderly couple. The woman is lucky I'm in my work uniform. It made me so mad I just walked out. And will definitely never return to this McDonald's. Something needs to be done that was completely uncalled for.

Ok, don't go here late at night and give an order through the drive-through.  They messed up our order completely and what we did get was cold.  We were in a hurry to go home or we would have returned to get our food fixed (and probably spit in).  We were not happy at all.

To start off, GO IN AND ORDER.  I have went through the drive through multiple times and have gotten my ordered screwed up-and it isn't only this mcdonalds.   But here's a story about this drive thru that made me laugh more than upset ( this happened to me): I ordered a premium grilled chicken sandwich, without cheese of course. We pulled up, paid then awaited at the next window for our food. We got it and everything was there. I opened my box to eat my food because I was so hungry. I checked for cheese and you won't believe it....they forgot the chicken on my chicken sandwich! I laughed for awhile and couldn't believe it- I went back and they were shocked as well- but I got a new sandwich-chicken INCLUDED this time.   Just don't go through the drive thru, it's best to go in.

Wow I love this McDonald's and love is in the air with 2 of the employees Alex and Everton! I love a good romance and this is the place to find it. The burgers are always done the way I want them, and the nuggets are always warm! They take your name and I like that, it's very personal. This is my favourite location, check it out when you get the chance! You won't regret it!

This has got to be the worst Scottish Restaurant I've ever been to.  Where's the haggis? Where's the scotch pudding? Where's the Clootie Dumplings? Where's the Black Pudding?  I just don't get it.  Hamburgers are German, not Scottish.

It's McDonald's so you know what to expect from the food.  The restaurant has little seating and is usually busy so you're better-off getting your meal to go.  The staff doesn't really seem to like their jobs and are rarely really friendly, though this could be from the types of customers they have to put up with.

It's McDonald's you get what you expect. Delicious greasy breakfast and a day long feeling of guilt and regret. Do yourself a favour just have an affair and save on the calories but get the same end result.

The staff is very good, overall. Even with the remodelling it's too cramped, bad design. Claustrophobic.

Gross.  Food is always cold.  U pay $9 for a meal and they can't even serve it hot.  Even if u tell them u want it freshly made it will still be cold.  Lazy staff.

It's a McDonald's.  Nothing special. However, they take your name, which I appreciate.  Nice.    Also, the supervisor on duty gave balloons to some cute little kids, which shows kindness. That's what the extra star is for.

I dont know what to really say about this Mcdonalds, its right by Sherbourne station thou Tim Horton is closer.  As far line up, it's somewhat disorganized, people who have ordered just stand around in middle and you think they are in line but they aren't  this location is kind of small but it has it fair amount of seating. They have a time limit for seating which depending on if it busy or not they may or may not enforce. The manager is usually good at doing this, she is pretty firm with this rule.  They take down your name instead of calling a number which kind of works. Thou someone has tried to take my order because John is so common  All in all its not great but its not bad

Restaurant reopened on Tuesday, November 13th. As predicted, the restaurant has now more setting, a cafe section, and a more modern stylish look. The grand reopening ceremony is scheduled for November 23rd.

I can't say much about this place other than the fact it looks a million times better after the renovation and although not very roomy compared to other McDonald's, there always seems to be empty seats.    The staff and service at this McDonald's are slightly better than most.  A lot of the times the cashier will take your name when you order drinks from the cafe, which is nice.  I know the late night staff are also fairly friendly considering the amount of sketchy people they must deal with each evening.   My favourite picks are the basic coffee and muffin combo, apple pies and extra value pick double cheese burgers.  You got to love that cheap extra value menu, with the prices of meals hitting almost $10!    Hard to decide if I should get a McDonald's coffee or a Tim Hortons coffee sometimes, but McDonald's seems to be the better value!

What can I say? It's McDonald. You'll either get a good meal on a good day, or a bad meal on a good day...it's up in the air and coin tossing doesn't help the chances. I try to go when their fresh batches of fries come out. It's been 15 years now...I still don't know when they make new batches.

McCafe has a cool loyalty card, Fill it out, it isn't really that hard, Buy seven coffees, And your next one is free, Throw the cup in the trash to discard.

It's near where I work, but I don't think I'm coming back.  The cashier & assistant manager were rude to me.  They didn't have the new Frappe/Mocha machine so they couldn't take my Iced Frappe coupon.  They told me I could have a coffee.  I told them I don't like plain coffee.  I suggested a free McFlurry, but the assistant manager refused saying that the McFlurry was a seperate category.  I told them that I'm probably not coming back & that I came almost every week.  The assistant manager acted like she could care less, which irritated me more.  It's BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE.  Because she wasn't willing to give a free McFlurry, they are going to lose more than $100 of sales from me.  SO STUPID of them!

No snack wrap!!!!  Why do so many McDonalds menus vary from one to another????  Makes it inconvenient especially after waiting in freakin drive thru for nothing!!!

There's no mistaking this location for having class and refinement. Hence, the sign on the front door reading no sleeping bags, suitcases, and duffle bags.    Did I mention that 9 times out of ten there will usually be a Phoenix police officer hanging around?   The service here is okay, but I don't have high expectations from a fast food establishment.

It's a Mickey D's... what can you say? As far as McDonald's goes, this one is A-Ok! The people watching is priceless, the food is the best hangover cure (or late night drunk snack), and for the amount of shit the employees have to put up with from the local cracked out transients, they somehow manage to smile when taking your order! Keep up the good work!

This McDonald's has single-handedly taking the fast out of fast food. Three cars in front of me in the Drive-Thru line still haven't made it to the window yet eight and a half minutes.

Normally I wouldn't review a place like McDonald's since we all know that the food is fried, greasy, and all around bad for you. However, this McDonald's warrants a review because it is a people watching mecca. If you work anywhere in the area, go once...you will thank me.  You know you are going to a klassy McDonald's establishment when the first thing you see is a sign on the door that says No large bags and no bedrolls. My co-workers and I have seen such interesting people as a guy with a gun in his waistband eating with his family; a woman in a bikini top talking to herself; and most recently on Saturday night, my co-worker and I saw a guy just released from county jail trying to get a refill of soda with a Circle K cup. This location is also quite the popular day laborer pickup spot.  Service isn't the best, but where is it outstanding when it comes to fast food? My co-workers and I have been to this McDonald's about four times in two years, but it always delivers on seeing interesting people. And for that reason, this McDonald's gets two stars.

Its a great place to go if you are looking to get stabbed or raped. Homeless people use this location as a base of operations because they can get free refills as the staff doesn't care. I've complained to corporate about the location, they need security here 24/7 but corporate doesn't care. Stay away from this location if you value your life.

No thank have a nice day I guess....just close the window and let me guess this transaction is over..

Driving thru so i can get away from van burn street asap!

This McD's service sucks. I have been here numerous times and have had some sort of bad service every single time.

Mm M MMMMMM!!! A 24-hour drive thru serving up my fast food favorites!!! It is conveniently located, and despite the questionable hygiene of the crowd that streams through here, this restaurant is very clean. Another plus is that they have a double drive-thru and extremely efficient and polite employees to go along with it. I never have to wait for my food very long at all!

Hey.  It's McDonalds.  What can I say?  Kind of a seedy crowd hanging out at 8AM but it is what it is.  I got a bit tired of paying $30 to have two eggs and etc. brought up to my room in the Sheraton on 3rd St. so I cut loose one morning, got in the Avis car, and drove down to Third Ave. and had two Egg McMuffins for $5.  Nothing satisfies like an EggMc.  I will admit, my coffee was from Starbucks.  They totally hit the spot.

Fourth place I have tried to eat at third mcdonalds first three places were closed down

Holy heck!!!! What an adventure!!! Just stopped in for some fries for dinner.  There are more homeless people than a free soup kitchen.  Now I usually don't mind dealing with the homeless population.  We do live in a city that has about 17,000.  When there are so many that they whole inside of mcdonalds smells like curdled milk,I have a problem. I almost throw up.  It's not a choice.  My body can't handle too much of that.  Does it on it's own.  Anyways.  The staff was very kind.  Price was fair like always.  Bathroom was scary.  Clean except the thought of using a toilet after a bunch of people that never bathe drove me right back out of there.  Just when I was walking out I seen a car run over one of the homeless people that just left McDonald's. Odd. People didn't even slow down. Sigh... either way I'd stear clear of this McDonald's.  To many people that dig in the garbage usually means a lot of germs to spread.  Just being truthful.

I don't often review McD, but after my experience with their drive-thru, I needed to say something.  I went here during afternoon rush hour on the way home from work.  Not only did I get a regular Dr. Pepper instead of the Diet Coke I ordered, but I realized why the drive thru was going so slow:  The exit line spills out onto southbound 7th Street as it crosses Van Buren.  During rush hour, this is a disaster.  So much traffic comes down 7th Street that you could find yourself waiting to exit the lot for five minutes or more--per car.  It might not take that much time for you, but it's the luck of the draw.  This is a more or less typical McD, situated in a lousy spot traffic-wise.  I'm not lovin' it.  Even if you get what you order, you'll have to wait forever to get it.  Nothing's fast about the food around 4:30 or 5:00pm if you're hoping to eat on the road.  Better to park, eat inside, and wait for the torrent of cars to die down a bit before heading home.

This is probably one of the best McDonald's locations I've visited with regularity.  I stop through for breakfast at least once a week and they never fail to impress me with the speed and kindness of their employees.  You can tell his location stays under good management. Happy and hard working employees are obvious and it makes the difference.

This is the only place open near work at 3am. The service was good but had to wait for hot coffee which was a bit annoying.

So I have mixed feeling for this MIcky Ds .. I live downt he street so I go here often if its for a soda ice cream or a regular burger.. I got diffrent times late nights early mornings.. But theres seems to be an inconsistent employee One of the drive thru girls During the night and midnight shift is very nice helpful and talkative Fast! Nows me as a regular now. But on occasions shes not there and I have the worst experince employee who argue with me about only the fires come large but not the drink in my meal?? With a Cigarette on her ear? Really? 1/3 time my order is wrong... If i were manager I would clean out some employees... But at teh same time its just Mcdonalds..

Really bad customer service. Thank God I'm not a diabetic, I ordered a diet coke but was given a regular coke. Waited for a while to even have my order taken and they ended up not even having my order ready?

Very busy centralized location however this does not slow the service down. I have been to this McDonald's during breakfast, lunch and mid afternoon to only receive the same outstanding service. My experiences have both been in the drive-thru as well to go in the dining area. Well staffed location that provides an organized process. The dine in area is neat and clean. Never had any problems with my orders.

This McDonalds has been here forever, at the corner of 7th Ave/Van Buren/Grand Ave. I stopped in for lunch today while walking home from an appointment. I figured... I haven't eaten Mickey D's in ages, why not? Plus, I'm walking, and it's a... scenic area.  I was impressed by the cleanliness, especially given the sad state of most of the customers and employees. I think it's mecca for tattooed gangbangers.  2 stars instead of 1 because they have Diet Dr Pepper on tap. Oh yeah.  I had a double quarter pounder with cheese and fries. The fries were luke warm. The burger tasted institutional - think public school cafeteria.   I imagine it might be a really entertaining place to stop by on a weekend evening, what with the hookers and hoes hotels nearby with their $20-something rooms and whatnot.   Next time I'm in the 'hoooooood and want fast food, I'm hitting Church's Chicken across the street.

One of the worst, I've been to; the staff is beyond rude and you never can just simply place your order ....no you have to repeat it 100 times

Same McDoonalds as everywhere. Cheap prices for non-healthy food but the service was UNBELIEVABLY slow. Not much room where to sit compared to other McDicks on top of it. The designer literally had no idea on how to take advantage of the room for a maximum of seating.

In the Village, right under the pink balls and next to 2 pokéstops. This McDo has everything to offer.  It's a tad small but given the location it's only justified.

This McDonald is really really and let me reiterate really show. The service is worse than what you see in the U.S. There's a long line and it takes forever to order you food, when you do order..heh have fun waiting. But honestly just by observing this mcdonalds, I'd say because it's understaffed. 3 people on the night shift?! The manager at this establishment needs to get his head together and hire more people to run this location.

Little road trip to Montreal was amazing, after our last night there while hanging out with a friend, drivinv around landed us at a downtown McDonald's.  By far the most disgusting dining room I've ever been to. Cold coffee, fruit and fiber muffin that was as hard as a brick. Might be almost as hard as Iron Man's body armor. I received a replacement muffin, but got a civics lesson on the coffee being cold because I ordered it with 2 milks. I'm sure she couldn't give an explanation for the bitter taste.

A little disorganized, but I still got my food pretty fast.  It was tasty and although the place was very crowded, it was surprisingly clean.

McDonald's is McDonald's. This location was dead slow despite there being no one waiting for service. Cashier purposefully overcharged my friends because they were dunk. Horribly rude to do that.

Quite possibly the most raunchy McDonald's on the planet. The staff is slow and the customers are sketchy. Avoid when possible.

Worse Mc Donald's I have ever visited.  We ordered just French Fries on the automatic order board.  They got the orders on that system totally screwed up. We waited over half an hour for just a French fries. Totally ridiculous. Our number was 414 they were serving according to the board number 220 but it does not go by order how high or low the numbers are. It jumps all over the place.  No order or common sense what so ever. We should have ordered in the regular old fashion order line and not on the new boards.  My fault.  Don't ever have to come back again.

This McDonald's is on my way home from work. I often have a craving for Chicken McNuggets. After work, I stop by to get my fix.   This place has only messed up my order once. I have been coming here for at least a couple of years. I was charged for the nuggets and drink, but I had indicated that I wanted combo number 8.  So, I got my fries for free. I think that my meal was cheaper with just the two items and don't recall getting a refund.   Anyway, the parking lot has plenty of room. The drive-thru does get busy, but it moves! I tend to use my debit card to pay, which had never caused any issues. Staff are cheerful and polite. This place also has manager's specials now and again.   I like this location better than the one closest to my home.   (142)

This is actually not a bad McDonald's. I've been coming to this location off and on for many years and the service, speed, and quality are fairly reasonable.

I don't eat McDonald's food, but for a quick coffee break this place is nice and clean, staff is friendly, and come on-- $1.46 for a coffee and a better-than-Tim-Hortons muffin?  Also they have a little TV mounted to the wall and when I came here during World Cup they had the game playing and let people congregate and watch, it's a somewhat West African neighborhood here and it was cool to see all the Ghanians gathered during the games.  I was able to restrain myself from raging against McD's food in my review, so I'm giving myself 4.5 stars.

For a McDonald's in Etobicoke this location is pretty good! Drive thru is normally quite busy but also moves pretty quickly. Friendlier staff would make this a 5 star location

Great service even before closing. Especially bright, young lady with braces who is always polite and efficient. Good work!

I only go to the drive thru here.  I like that they always get my order right.  If the line is long, and can take a while to get thru.

Its unf*cking believable how stupid the people who work here are. I wouldn't mind that much if it was slow service but the problem with this location is they mess up my drive through order about 80% of the time.  Me and a friend ordered 2 20 piece nuggets with ranch and two mcdoubles with a large fry. We drove all the way back to my house to find that they gave us two 10 pieces instead of what we ordered and what they charged us for. We also didn't get any sauce with it. So we drove all the way back and they gave us a hard time about it even when we showed the receipt. They said they didn't remember us. So they finally realize they were in the wrong and they give us the extra nuggets that we paid for. So now we are leaving the parking lot and we find there is still no sauce in the bag. Oh well we said, not even worth it.  Other times have been smaller things that i was able to catch by looking through the bag at the window. But still, small simple orders shouldn't have any mistakes at 9:00pm when they aren't busy.   Will I ever go back? Yeah, its just too convenient for me not to. But I just want you all to know check and double check then recheck your order AT THE WINDOW or they might forget who you are.

Went in for 2 iced coffees and an egg Mcmuffin. NEVER in my life did I think it would take me over 30 minutes to first place my order with one of the most incompetent cashiers I have ever seen in my 16 years of being in the service industry myself. I had to say 3 times to her alone what type of coffee I wanted, along with another 3 times to tell her I wanted it with ice. She then handed me the smallest hot coffee I have ever seen. She then, with an attitude the ENTIRE time, got a manager to come and help her. She then made me a coffee after I had to tell her twice as well what I wanted. She hands me two of the smallest ice coffees I have ever seen. I asked the cashier with an attitude if it was actually a medium because I am in shock as to how small it is. She grabs it out of my hand and holds the cup up while pointing to a small M on the side of it. I tasted both of the shit coffees they gave me. One tasted like chocolate milk and the other one tasted like straight espresso. What I ordered was two iced French Vanilla lattes, add mocha and add an extra turbo shot. I literally order this from a couple different McDonald's and know it's something they make. So. I then ask the bitch cashier to see a manager because at this point I'm just furious. She informs me the lady that made my coffees was my manager but her gm was also there. So I asked to speak to him. She stands there just yelling his name. I literally laughed to myself. The gm comes out from the back. He happens to be the man who I heard at the counter a few minutes before then telling the staff and pretty much anybody in there how he had to deal with another store being robbed of 487 dollars. Like. I'm an assistant gm. I have been a gm. You do NOT come in and act like that as a gm. I ask him if he can remake my coffee because they are not correct and taste like shit. I tell him what I want and he basically was telling me in a nut shell what I order at least 3 times a week, isn't possible. He luckily made me the coffees I asked for. And again with more attitude hands me my tiny ass little coffee. Then as I try to say thank you, he just pretends I'm not standing there and keeps commanding his lazy incompetent staff on where trash cans should be. Like come the fuck on Robert M. I think you paying attention to customer service, food times and what you're actual job entails rather than standing there bitching like a high school child. Literally no sooner did I turn around, another lady had come inside complaining about how she had been waiting 20 minutes for a caramel frappe. Somebody higher up needs to handle this store and teach their employees to have manners as well as know what they are supposed to be doing. It's common sense on how you treat people in restaurants, fast food or not. I will literally NEVER step foot into that place again and by the end of the day will be calling district managers and whoever else I can. I would recommend waiting at Dunkin Doughnuts where it would at least have been well worth the wait. Not feeling like I'm an inconvenience to somebody who is paid to do their job correctly and serve the customers who want what they paid for. Go back to school kids.

On the few occasions we've visited this location and ordered milkshakes, the machine was out of order. At least this location has one thing over the Solon location: A friggin DRIVE-THRU!!

This place is sucks ......... Order is always wrong, food is 9/10 times cold or old  For some reason this location thinks if they hire a new teenager every month it's going to change how crappy there service is. And these employees expect 15 an hr YEAH RIGHT!! They barley deserve minimum wage   Bottom line don't waste your time or money here

Absolutely worst customer service. Went thru the drive thru was going to place my order and was cut off. While they cut me off from placing my order 2 cars that drove up were already ordered and I was still waiting never going back

No matter how many times I come here and order special order it is never ever right. The manager even challenged him. It was wrong. Instead of redoing the order he gave us the extra condiments and a cop after we showed him the order wasn't right.

McDonald's has improved significantly. I went and grabbed some food with the family in drive thru tonight and Caitlyn took my order. She was very nice and patient. I met her at the window. She was again very Pleasant. She even smiled which is a bonus. Wait time wasn't bad and the guy that handed me my food was nice. My order was correct and fries were new. Good job McDonald's on hunt Hwy.

Absolutely NO leadership. When you ask for the manager, you get some person not interested in leading, who is a dish rag personality. It's hard to tell the management from the kids they are supposed to manage.  It is COMMON to be served COLD fries here. I asked for FRESH fries and nuggets. I got COLD both. Once I got a COLD FISH SANDWICH. That's when I went in and returned the fish sandwich. The manager ordered me another one, as some young girls came in and clustered around the next cashier, socializing like it was recess time. The manager did NOTHING to stop their party in front of her. The cashier's friends started SITTING on the FLOOR in the cashier ordering area, showing each other EXERCISE stretches. I asked the manager why is that girl doing that? She said   I don't know and did NOTHING about it.   As I was leaving with my food, two of the same girls were next to the booths but instead chose to SIT on the FLOOR with their legs spread open facing each other in FRONT of the main doors. This is not safe and is a liability issue.   McD's corp needs to do some serious quality control down here.  This is a very poorly run store. Actually it doesn't appear to be run at ALL!

I cannot stand coming into this restaurant in the morning, it looks like an Assisted Living with all the snowbirds roosting, nursing their senior coffee. THERES NO WHERE TO SIT! They dont consume their meal and leave, their in there ALL morning!!! They take up the tables over by the TV area, all in front of the register and by the door. Im not coming back in here. This is loitering and I cannot believe the restaurant allows this. The parking lot is full of SUV's from Canada and Minn and theres no where to park!!!!

The only reason I give this McDonald's 3 stars is because the breakfast staff go above and beyond to make me happy. But any other time of day, I won't eat here because my drive thru order is ALWAYS wrong! ! How can fries ALWAYS be cold?! And how tough is it to get the right sauces into the bag with the chicken Mc nuggets?  Today, AGAIN, I was given sweet tea when I specifically ordered UNSWEETENED. I'm a diabetic and can't drink that much sugar. I swear they have crackheads working the later  shifts and the owner here must be absentee because if McDonald's ever audits this place, they'll shut it down. Go for breakfast ONLY.

If I could give zero stars I would have. Where to start... I simply ordered a 20 piece chicken nugget with sweet & sour, an ape could get this order correct. I get home, against my better judgement I didn't check my bag because you know, 1 item order, 1 sauce easy? Not so much. Keep in mind I ordered at 6PM.   I received a 10 piece, no sauces and the 10 piece i received was ICE COLD, I don't mean cold from sitting, I mean cold from NOT BEING COOKED. RAW.  Pretty unacceptable, I will never visit this McDonald's again, this is just one example of many prior incorrect drive through orders, missing items, and raw/under cooked food.   It's borderline dangerous to eat here, If they can't manage to cook food, imagine how clean it must be in that place. AVOID AVOID AVOID.

They get 1 star for their iced tea because it usually taste fresh. Food is your typical Micky D's fare so no surprises there. The reason I try not to visit this particular location is the fact that they are so slow and rude. I drive through to order my tea and I kid you not, I was in line for at least 15 minutes. It was taking so long that I actually called them from my spot in the drive thru to speak to a manager. When I informed the manager that I was still in line after 15 min. she said yeah well we are trying to get the food out as fast as we can. (Mind you the 2 spots where they can have you park if your order is taking too long are not being used at all.) When I let her know that she just laughed at me and hung up. I wasn't rude, I just thought she would want to know about the backup. Anyway, if you're in a hurry don't come here. Or walk in, it's way quicker.

This location has the absolute worst customer service. Today's response in the drive thru when I told the girl that the hi-c orange drink I received was water d down and out was what do you want me to do?  Seriously?!?  I only go here to get my daughters ice cream and an occasional drink for myself. And every time I do go, they service is worse than the last visit. No leadership whatsoever!

Came here with my youngest while waiting for a prescription to be filled next door at Walgreens. Worst one I've ever been to. The ladies restroom was filthy! No soap and paper all over the floor. I don't think anyone as cleaned it all day. Very busy location when we went at 2:30 pm on a Wednesday. They only had ONE person at the register and there was a line of eight customers. Tons of employees in the back as well as a male Manager just standing around watching them. The ketchup dispenser was out, the napkin dispenser was out and the tables were not wiped down. I'd like to know, where is the management training here?!?! Why was the manager not on a register to help the flow of customers that came in to get them moving?? Very disappointed in this location and it's in my neighborhood  :(

This place is always out of something ! Today there out of coke like really coke you have got to be kidding me there number one sold drink and they are out . And if it's not that then there ice cream machine is always down . Get your shit together .

Michael Lucia needs to be fired. He hired convicted felons and thieves in the store to just steal again and get fired. A new store manager is what this place needs.

What can this place do right? It's obviously not fast food because I've spent upwards  Of 15 minutes in driver thru. No ones at the 1st window and when she does arrive her excuse was  sorry I was around the corner eating snacks.  Then get to the 2nd window and they don't even know what I ordered. They gave me the wrong drink, the wrong sized French frys and the wrong burger. The frys were cold also.

The worst fast food restaurant I have ever been, horrible service, horrible food, and the place is very dirty.

The young man that took my order at this particular drive through McDonald's restaurant kept making mistakes such as I ordered two meals. My first meal was a double4 pound or with cheese I asked him to not put any mustard on my double quarter pound or with cheese. I asked him to add mayo and I wanted heavy onions. My meal with large sized I specifically asked for fresh hot french fries right out the grease lightly salted, the young man taking my order goes silent I can see hes putting in my order on the order screen from The drive-through so far it's how I want my meal...I tell him I'd like my large sized drink to me a coke he replies okay large size sir a Dr. pepper i correct him saying not Dr.pep but a Coke. The order screen is cleared and he says please drive threw. He didn't offer to read my order back to me he just wanted me to move to payment. I then reply excuse me I wasn't done with my order his reply was something along the lines of what else do I want? I told him we wanted to fillet O fish meal large sized fresh hot out the grease French  fries lightly salted the drink a large size come. I can't see there's nothing on the order screen making me feel like was talking to the air and talking for nothing. He asked me if that was my order I told him no one Mustang which was a large iced tea for my Uber driver that completed my order he never once repeated anything back to me just tell me to go to the drive-through to payment. I go to pair I was told my total is $15.07  I give the money call receiving my payment didn't greet me or my Ober driver and it really felt like we were wasting her time and like she had better things to do. Was very awkward having to pay for something and the person not acknowledge you and with and jesters you could tell he didn't want to be where they were at and that kind of energy came off as very bad attitude. I'm going to post pictures of the Rommie pick gave me my receipt where it clearly sows I paid for double quarter pound or in a give me a quarter ponder, I truly wish I recorded this experience. Never have I given my money to A chain fast food restaurant for a meal and felt and was treated horribly.

In a hurry I chose the drive thru. No fries, for real? But they did give me ketchup, huh.. So after my nuggets I noticed no straw eather for my dick. Come on man...are you serious Mc donalds? I ended up spilling mountain dew everywhere, on myself & my car. Thanks a lot Ronald. I've Been got by the hamburgler!

Worst McDonald's in Arizona. Every time they get my order wrong. Today they didn't put French fries in my daughters happy meal. The number goes right to voicemail. Managers are a joke. There's a McDonald's on 16th St and Indian school. GO THERE INSTEAD.

I dont really find reviewing fast food useful because let's face it standards are low already and i dont expect much from my visits... but i live near this McDonalds and have to say they are a bunch of lazy rude employees. Twice now me and my boyfriend have rushed over to the rice through to catch them before they close and even tho all lights are on, including the drive through menu and online it says they dont close till midnight (both times have been there around 11:30) no one I there to help us! First occasion they just waved and mouthed closed through the window, second occasion we found a manager out front smoking a cigarette who said closed again so we asked when they closed and she paused before stuttering out 11:30... Ok wtf?! 11:30?! Correct me if I'm wrong but i thought it was 10pm or 12pm so on and so on but 11:30?! Maybe that just sounded convenient considering it was 11:37.... I watched her shoo off another customer after us as well... now I work in the food business I understand when it gets close to closing time and you have everything put away and dont want to get it all out for one more person but when you advertise closing at midnight you shouldn't already have your business closed a half hour before hand. I dont know how they get away with this but ill be reaching out to her management. It's irritating enough to begin with but the rudeness throughs me over the edge. If you have a choice, avoid this mcdonalds.

Running around I got the munchies and stopped in for a couple of egg McMuffins.  They tasted the same as they have since they were invented in Santa Barbara decades ago.  The staff was friendly and I got my sandwiches quickly.    I thought I had reviewed this location several years ago when I was here for a UYE fundraiser for Julia T's school.

Do not call the number posted. You'll be greeted by a sleeping older woman. Just a heads up lol But for real.. Not even joking

Okay, it was either La Salsita's or McDonald's last night.  I would have spent the same amount of money at either location, but I was craving some McDoubles.  I had to go to my trusty McDonald's that I go to in the morning for breakfast.  There is a closer McD's near where I live, but they suck!  We pulled around the corner and my husband goes There is such a long line.  I told him No Worries cause this place is fast.  He ordered and it took him a lot of time to order.  I felt bad for the cashier inside.  After his long order, we were at the window in no time getting our food.    When we arrived home, the top buns on my McDoubles seemed to be a bit dry, but I just took those off.  The burgers were still yummy and NOT greasy.  My husband got the chicken nuggets (which were crispy and flakey, me likey) and I loved how they put a lot of sauces in the bag.  I even asked for some extra and they had no problem giving us more.  I love that!    I will be coming back for a late night snack again soon.

Worst service ever in history. Got so fed up I just walked out. Didn't even bother making an order after standing in line I got told I need to be moved to other register.....which had now 5 people in line.  Sorry I said screw this I'll go eat somewhere else do not recommend going here ever

The 5 stars I give this place is not for their food, because we all know what McDonalds is.  I go here almost every morning for my iced coffee that I love and adore.  I give them 5 stars because Ive come to know the staff there and they just rock.    Maritza, Kiara, Maria and BB are among the best there and make my mornings a great one.

This review is obviously based on comparison to other McDonald's or fast food chains. This location is my favorite to come to. The play area is always clean and the customer service is great! I always bring my son. He loves his happy meals and interacting with other children in the play area and I love seeing him happy:) that is all

Granted if you've seen one McDonalds you've pretty much seen 'em all. However when I tried to order a caramel coffee - it's like I was speaking another language. I even explained how to make it and they still got it wrong.   They refunded my money and I got a Coke instead.

very friendly staff, i complained about how they messed up my order at the other Mcdonald, the staff replaced my order here at no charge! wow

very fast and friendly, clean and courteous, considering how busy they are on black friday

Uuuughhhhhgg!!! I asked for mild sauce with my burritos, i asked for buffalo sauce with my chicken, i NEED katsup for my fries!!! He said  no problem. I have no sauces that i asked for,  not a single packet of anything! ! I have dry fries, sad fries. What is the DEAL!! WHY!! iam so angry,  just spent 28$ on dinner,  and now i can't eat it . I HATE MCDONALD'S

So reviewing McDonald's is like reviewing America. It's been around a while and everybody has had time to form their own opinion. The thing I will review today is their new oatmeal. I usually hit Starbucks every morning before the gym for coffee and their perfect oatmeal as they call it. I like it enough and it's a cheap, healthy, low calorie breakfast. I was curious when Micky D's started pitching their own. I have now tried it a few times at a few different locations and have to admit, it might be better! It's a tad more money and a tad higher in calories but it tastes and looks lie a better product.   Next time you are hitting that drive thru for a sausage/bacon/Mcbiscuitmuffin sandwich, try the oatmeal instead and give your body and wallet a small break!

So Happy I randomly came to this mc Donalds before my shift!! Every one I go to never seems to have expresso shots for their iced coffees! && to my surprise this one did!!! So happy! Not to mention all their new hires at every window did a good job .

Ok let's not talk about the food. We all know it's bad for you and evil, whatever. What I like about this particular McDonald's is the face to face drive through!  I love not yelling into a speaker and hoping they heard me correctly. It's so refreshing to just talk to someone face to face. I haven't been here a lot, but I can say I've had no errors in my food - quite impressive.

What happens when you have 3 people doing 1 job?? You get this idiocracy! Pulled up here to get a quick breakfast to go and i was just irritated out othere beyond belief.  First: you have to pull up to one employee who takes your order face to face ( rang me up at $4.73,) then u pull up to another window where u have to 2nd window where jerk tells u first window is an idiot and price is now $ 6.93.  Second window wants you to pay higher price before going to 3rd window to collect fast food.   2nd window gets supervisor who wastes more time and sticks to new higher  price.

I was impressed by the staff's friendliness! They got my order wrong once, but they were so kind and quick to correct the issue that I was actually happy! I was really impressed by the food quality and fast service! I really enjoy coming here. They haven't gotten my order wrong since!! Great service and food is delicious!

My visit here March 12, 2017 was very unsatisfying, I was told to wait in the #1 spot as my food was going to take a little, we wait and they arrive with the food, I ask if everything is in the bag and they say yes everythings in the bag. Well I guess I should know better because they forgot my large fry and my pack of cookies. This is one fast food restraunt that will be losing my bussiness.

HORRIBLE SERVICE! The guy could not get our order right and then overcharged us. Then gave us the receipt and exclaimed, :If there's a problem take it up with my manager at the next window! He was very rud! Then the non-English-speaking manager came over and we told her to cancel our order and it took her several minutes to do so, but only after asking us what we wanted to do. Then they short changed us! And you want $15 per hour? GOOD LUCK WITH THAT!!!

Ate here during my lunch break before I had to head over to St. Rose (Siena) Hospital across the street. I've eaten here a few times before.  It's a McDonald's. There's not really much else to say. I ordered my typical fast food meal: a Spicy McChicken and medium fries for a grand total of $3.02.  It was pretty crowded, but I managed to snag a small table meant for two. I guess other people were on their lunch breaks as well. Service was good and fast despite being so busy.  Ketchup is also available in packets in the area where salt, pepper, and napkins are also available. This is a plus since other places require you to ask for ketchup.  If you're feeling mischievous aka cheap, you can bring some home in your to-go bag.  Adequate parking and right across the street from the hospital. While there's nothing extraordinary about the place, it serves its purpose in serving cheap and easy fast food.  I'll definitely come back if I feel the need for such a meal when I'm in the area.

It's McDonalds that should say a lot. I really don't like the way their drive thru works... Why cant I just order at the board? It would be so much easier if you had the menu in front of you to double check what the guy at the window is saying... It's not like they were going to getting right anyway. I do give McD's credit for having great ice cream! I don't know why but I have always loved their cones... It's really the only edible thing there.

This review is for their drive-thru service. Came here around 2 AM and there was a long line. We even hesitated a bit about waiting in the line but I'm glad we chose to stay because the service was fast... I think we waited about 5 mins.   The one thing I like about this location is that you can get a parfait at 2 AM while most other McDonalds are out of parfaits at that time.

Waited 43 minutes to get my food.I order 2 sausage egg mcmuffins.Just got home and no egg.Really pathetic.Id wait for food If they would make it hot and the right order.Thanks for ruining my morning

I'm sorry, but McDonald's is the ultimate American comfort food! I'm not going to comment on the disparity of different McDonald's experiences and locations...Our typical order (regardless of where we get our Micky D's): RAW gets a double quarter pounder with cheese, large fries and a large Coke, me a plain double cheeseburger, small fries and a small Coke...and we share a ten piece Mc Nuggets with sweet n' sour. The bad news...I'm not having Mc Donald's again until I lose the ten pounds I've gained eating it while moving from Sacramento to Vegas. Yikes!

Free wifi saved my butt when mine at home froze up! And I was there late enough to get a free apple pie that someone ordered but never picked up!

Simple order oatmeal with brown sugar and hot tea with two Splenda and two creams  What I received  Oatmeal with fruit in it already  Hot water no tea bag no cram no sugar  Lovely

We frequent this location as it is in our office buildings parking lot. This is a super busy [maybe one of the busiest locations I have ever been to!]; the drive-thru moves quickly and the service is always great and everyone is always very friendly.

Clean.  Friendly.  Great customer service.  fast.

2-26-17 @ 3:34am  Drive Thru: No carbonated beverages and you cannot order at the menu box. I've been sitting in the drive thru for approximately 15 minutes boxed in and I haven't even ordered yet. There are approximately 4 cars in front of me and 2 behind me. This is kind of ridiculous for a Saturday night/Sunday morning crowd. I'm hangry and I'm trying to get back to work but I'm stuck so I'm losing out of money. Please fix your drive thru, your normal setup ensures fast productivity. Also, I just got to the Pay Here window and now it says that they're only accepting cash. Finally got to the window and nobody has taken my order or talked to me yet. Nobody has acknowledged me or spoken to me, so I will park my car here until I get my order.

Idiots. Screwed up all three items. Left the tarter off my filet. Gave me pickles. 15 minute drive thru time Eff this location.

Great live drive thru.  Preferable to reciting order into an impersonal box.  Good staff and order accuracy as well. Also, location location location. It is a very easy in and out on the way to anywhere.

Food is good.  No complaints.  I can't believe how busy the drive through at this place always is.  They must be one of the top grossing McDonald's in Vegas.

I've been coming to this McDonald's for 8 years. Service both through the lobby and drive thru are always sopt on. The food is consistent at peak rush times, however non-peak hours the food is horrible. French fries are gummy and soft and the new buttermilk chicken sandwich is over fried, dry, hard and the bread is like two pieces of bark. On the average if you want fresh anything, ask for the fries fresh off the grill and make sure you custom make your sandwich (i.e., no ketchup or pickles or add extra) it's a little bit of a wait, but worth it.

What can I say about good ol' McDonalds.  Morning & Late night orderings lines do get pretty long.  Especially since its near the freeway so it gets pretty hectic.   Had there big breakfast & oatmeal several times and the oatmeal is pretty dry! I wish they put a little more milk or something in there. Also, i tried the dipped cone & was not good.   But McDonalds fries are never a disappointment :)

Went here with my son this past weekend...haven't been to this location in a while and sure enough nothing has changed.  Seriously, I don't know why I even dare take him to another location...oh I remember why...because this one doesn't have a play area :(.  However, taking him somewhere where he gets the slightest distraction from eating his entire meal makes for an unhappy mommy because he ends up not eating his food.  This location is CLEAN and NOT attached to a gas station (which I always thought was weird).  They even have fresh flowers on every table.  The drive thru is always busy; however if you go in it will save you time.  The staff are efficient...once you get their attention because they seem to be a bit chatty with one another.  The food was as good as it gets for a fast food joint and especially a McDonalds.  My son got a 4 piece chicken nugget Happy Meal and the fries were fresh from the fryer and was not just sitting under the heat lamp.  They were also not stingy with the BBQ sauce like most places and didn't charge us for an extra one as you only get 1 for a happy meal.  Will definitely be coming back here again when there's a good toy out...

I normally don't eat at McDonald's but that's where my 4-year-old grandson wanted to go so here we are. This one is clean, with friendly employees, a visible / working manager and the food -- well it's typical McDonald's :) Which is good that it's considtrn

August 6, 2016. 7:10am. Drive thru, clerk KS#13 K'S order 42. Total of check was $3.87, I tendered a twenty dollar bill, received $16.10 change with explanation, we are out of pennies so your change is 3 cents short. Really. This is not the first instance that I have been intentionally short changed by a server/counter person. The point here is the bad practice, not the amount of the shortage. The manager came to the window and confirmed this is their standard practice. I got my three cents and probably a ban from that McDonald's.

So I only go to McDonalds for the occasional soda (I'm vegan), however, it's struck me how much I avoided this place, even when I did eat meat. First off, this is the only McDonalds in the immediate area, but I know a lot of people who avoid it, too. The employees are really great and do the best they can, but the drive thru is ALWAYS a hot mess. Last night, I stopped for a Diet Coke around 10 p.m., and I got stuck for 20 minutes in the drive thru (closer to 25--I was able to time it as I called a friend while waiting). I really wasn't even mad, once I got to the window, the kid who took my order was very apologetic and gave me my soda for free, but I was amused when the guy in the car waiting behind me got out and began reorganizing the contents in his trunk. It has always struck me as odd that this location does not have a speaker at the menu to take  orders, and I really think if they put one in, the line would move faster. The biggest issue is that they don't even take your order until the window right before the pickup. If they were to take it at the menu board, they would be able to take more orders at once, and prepare more than one thing at a time for the drive thru. The logistics just don't make sense here. I'm pretty done coming to this location-- Every time I've come here, I have wasted more money in gas sitting in the drive thru than I've paid for a darn soda, and it's not worth my time, but I would really encourage management to take a look at their flawed system because I guarantee you others want to frequent this location but don't because of the stupid drive thru. I want to really emphasize that this is a management issue, and the kids who work here are always trying hard to keep up and are very courteous and apologetic whenever people wait.

It would be nice if the people at the drive in were not trained to hand you your food and run away without giving you a chance to ask for ketchup. Otherwise nice location but the customer service needs improvement, at least ask people if they want it.

I give this McDonald's 5 stars comparing it to other McDonalds restaurants in the Las Vegas/ Henderson area. service is fast whether you're in the drive-thru or ordering inside..

If we go to Chipotle a little further down, we will hit this on the way back for $1 drinks.  Bargain dinner FTW.  Food is always correct when I order it and all the people that I've encountered there are pleasant.  I've been inside the restaurant itself once and it's nice & clean.  Most of the time I go through the drive-thru and always receive prompt service.  Easy in/out driveway which is a HUGE plus for me; enter from Eastern, exit onto St. Rose.  Wham, bam, thank you ma'am.

While the food and service are okay, the problem is the flimsy plastic chairs they have. They're so light and frail, it always feels like they'll fall apart!

Ugh, this McD's has gone so far downhill. It was actually impressed there for awhile at how quickly and efficiently the drive-thru process was. At one point, they even gave you a little timer and aimed to have you completely through before the hourglass ran out. But then it took a massive dive. While they have brought back the hot mustard sauce (yay!!), the amount of time it takes to get through the drive-thru has increased at least 5x. I have literally spent over 15 minutes at this drive-thru. 15 mins! And every time I've gone recently, my food has been cold by the time I get it. So it's been sitting there for awhile. Ick! Save yourself the hassle and just go inside to get your order. I don't know what on earth has happened here.

How difficult is it to just put what was ordered, in the bag? It's not like it's a one-time occurance either. You want $15/Hr and you cannot handle the simplest of tasks? What a joke!

Now, here I was, lil ol' John, thinkin' all Mickey Donalds had quality control across all locations. imagine my shock when I bite into these guys' big mac and find myself FLOORED...I'm talkin' mouth plummeting to the floor here, people...by the taste. Seriously, guys. This Big Mac is by far the best I've tried at any McDonalds, and I've eaten at McDonalds in Greece and the UK.  Knocked down a star because the waitress was rude and disinterested in her job. Fries are good, though.

I know McDonald's isn't the most health-conscious, but you know as well as I do that it is THE BEST place to get a Coca-Cola! McDonald's' Coke mix is by far THE BEST of any place I've ever been and their consistency with that taste is what keeps brining me back when I'm looking for a quick drink. Add a large fry with a little salt and I'm in heaven!  The service has always been exceptional at this location although it does get a lot of transients. The staff is always friendly, greeting you with a smile, and taking care of business.

So, very hot day in vegas... well, compared to Mountain View, CA that is... I had some scrap steel I wanted to sell, and had just carried a load to my local recycler... and  I was thirsty.... My wife and I decided to swing by McD to get our favorite Wild Berry Smoothie and went to the drive thru.  The drive thru at this McD is unusual in that there is actually a live person at a window (they have 3 windows, one to order, one to pay, and one to get food) taking orders. Before I said anything, he's like, would you like to try our new mango pineapple smoothie?... I said, well, I was going to order our favorite, wild berry smoothie.. He says, the Mango Pinapple is much better.... you can put Baccari's in there and it would make a great frozen drink too  Sold!  It was good! The syrupy sweetness of mango with the sweet tang of pineapple was very refreshing on this hot Vegas day... it just might become my new favorite.

Friendly, fast service. Too many flies inside the restaurant! Needs to be taken care of.

Went here after a soccer game for lunch around 1PM and it was crazy in the parking lot making it hard to find a spot.  Once in we placed our order but going to a McDonalds drive through or not I always get pickles and onions when I ask for them not to put any on.  Maybe I speak softly or maybe I am speaking in a different language.  I didn't even go back to get a new one since the line was so long. But, I have to say this location is very clean.  They always have someone cleaning up inside and outside the location.  No kid area but after a great game of soccer my daughter just needed to worry about her lunch.  We would go back again and maybe I will just order something else that doesn't have onions or pickles say a salad which would be good for my hips.

I know, I know. I dine at some of the best places in the city, but we all have those late night snack-cidents.  This is the 2nd time I've been to McDonald's in over 10 years. Not exaggerating. It's gross. It's still gross and will forever be gross.   Don't know what I was thinking, but it was late and it was the only place open en route to our destination.  Food was cold. Staff was rude..AND I was double charged. Luckily my bank is amazing and will reverse the charge. Even the drive through was weird. No intercom menu system that every drive through on the planet has.   Gross. My reviews are usually long and detailed, but I've got nothin. Sorry guys. Next time--grilled cheese at home lol.

All McDonalds are created equal, right? Nope! Food was we expected but service was horrible. I placed my order for myself and 2 kids. Picked up my order and went to my table. My son wanted extra condiments so I went the the pick-up area and the manager served three people and she disregarded my attempts to get her attention. I finally got what I needed and went back to table. My son again wanted some extra syrup so I went k ask and she rilled her eyes and handed me syrup saying if you want something, just ask fr it when u order and it will be on your tray and walked away...  Rude!

Disappointed. The service has been real good here. Until tonight. There was a totally different crew there tonight. I understand that things may have been crazy there tonight because they were only able to take cash. Still yet, if you make a mistake own up to it and make it right. I don't like writing these kinds of reviews because I like to be fair. Tonight though, they really disappointed me. I called the restaurant after I got home and spoke to a manager named Scott. He's not the one that I dealt with while I was there but he tried to make the situation right. Thank you to Scott for at least trying to make it right.  (12/9/15, around 6:30 PM, drive thru and I went inside)

This tasty Bacon Clubhouse Burger had a perfect zing of flavor that popped right after the first bite, and sent my taste buds on a first class trip to party city. As the box says, 'the different ingredients mingle on an artisan roll', and they form a flawless blend that puts a smile on your face. I would recommend it to anyone and everyone, as I find it is one of the most scrumptious things on McDonalds menu. They also provided fast, friendly, and accurate customer service. Definitely the best Mcdonalds out there!

I wanted to take off a star for the weird bendy line that I always have to wait in when I go through the drive thru. However, the truth is that if I simply parked my car and walked my lazy a** inside, I would not have to wait.  Speaking of their drive thru, wow. You could be in a line all the way out to Eastern and you would be through that line in 5 minutes. They really have an operation going on there. This is what happens when you have the budget to hire sufficient amounts of employees.  One time this one girl was kinda mean to me...but I can't blame McDonalds.  It felt like an anger caused by something such as a breakup or a stressful issue with not paying rent, so I let it go.  HAVE YOU HAD THEIR FRIES?!?!!?  I don't care what people say. I think are putting crack in those. Salt and crack. If one day down the line we find out that McDonalds fries were so good because they were laced with something, I won't be shocked.

The worst McDonald's but I have want to. Why I say that coz even a person the is wearing a tie that I think is the manager didn't even help in fact she is the one that insist not to help me. That is so sad because you know what they say it's hard to find good help our days and I don't like that because I'm on the same industry has them but with this McDonald's store you could say it's hard to find good help

Does McDonald's really need a review?  It's hot outside, so it's a perfect place to grab a cheap drink. I also like their McCafe coffees.  Food obviously less than mediocre, but we all love the dollar menu.  Line was horrendous around 1:00pm.

I can count on one hand how many times I go to a fast food restaurant within a year and you can almost bet it equals late night and alcohol. Last night was no different.  MickeyD's was calling my name.  I stopped at the one on Fairview Road.  Service was fast and pleasant.  My french fries were so hot I couldn't eat them right away.  Le Big Mac was the perfect amount of gooeyness from the special sauce and I don't know what their secret is for fountain drinks, but the Coke at McDonald's always taste better than anywhere else. Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun.

One of the nicest McDonald's I've been in, which of course is what you would expect for a neighborhood like this - Southpark. There is a piano in the lobby and there are two levels.  The crew here seem to have more of a clue than other McD's I've patronized, but the main problem with this one is that it is very difficult to get into and out of. It is a very narrow pad with the drive through and I have no doubt that there are any number of minor fender benders with the quality Charlotte drivers and the massive vehicles in this part of town.  There is a large TV upstairs and I did manage to find a couple of power outlets. Free wifi, as in all McDonald's.  All I can say is: be wary!

I wouldn't normally review a McDonald's on this site because...well, it's McDonald's.  If you're not familiar with them, are you from another planet?  This particular one across from SouthPark Mall deserves its own entry, though, because of its uniqueness.  Due to SouthPark codes, they had to make McDonald's blend in, and they did a nice job.  The two-story brick building is actually quite attractive and fits in with the upscale SouthPark theme.    It's conveniently located across from the mall...and in front of Original Pancake House.  I had the pleasure of dining at this McDonald's when OPH had an hour wait.  We wanted to eat breakfast and get on the road to do some shopping and that long delay wasn't fitting into our schedule.  Cut to:  us walking from OPH to McDonald's, not more than a few feet away.   We ordered breakfast and sat upstairs on the second level.  Breakfast was good, as it usually is there, and it was fun looking out the window at the SouthPark area.  How often do YOU get to look down on SouthPark people like they look down on you?  Ha!

This is a McDonald's that makes me want to put my pinky up in the air when dunking chicken mcnuggets into various sauces.  First of all, it's a two story McDonald's!  WIN right across the street from Southpark Mall (in the middle of it all).  I always liked going upstairs and people watching from the upstairs patios.  I've never had sub-par fast food here, so they are super consistent with the way they make stuff.  Wasn't a huge fan of the cashier my last visit.  He just kinda stood there and took my order without talking to me... could have been a long day, but it was a bit awkward.  When my food came out, he didn't call me over... so it was sitting there for a while until I noticed it.  I'm liking the addition of the self playing baby grand in the bottom floor... really classes it up.  Pinkys up!

This is a five star McDonalds so to speak. There's a baby grand player piano and an upstairs with tv. However the service and food quality are standard run of the mill McDs. I'm writing this from the upstairs after buying my daughter a happy meal. Her fries are cold as are the nuggets. The sprite is all soda no syrup. I got a small choco shake which was barely mixed. I think it's actually vanilla. Not fatal errors but either they're short handed or they just don't take pride in their job. Hope this is just a fluke.

I rarely write up fast food places, but this particular location is amazing, not for the food but for the engineering that went into siting this location.  Located immediately opposite South Park Mall, this two-story McDonald's is a complete operation including drive thru, delivery to your car in waiting parking spaces and even has a piano in the main ordering area.  My 96 year old dad's doctor is next door so we always get something while there for his monthly check-ups.  Dad LOVES the McDonald's burgers and is happy as a little kid when he gets his order.  Never fails...thanks McDonald's.  It is tricky to get in, so just trust the signs.  Coming off of always busy Fairview Road you come down a narrow drive and almost immediately make a left into the drive thru/enter entrance.  You circle the building and have to look quickly to find a parking space.  If you dally, you have to re-circle that narrow area.  A masterful siting for the building and the inside reminds me of the giant McDonald's in Asia.  Multistory and all the goodies.  And it is immaculate.  Have never seen a scrap of misplaced paper.  Same consistent food selections done exactly as they are in every other location.

I was super wary about this stop because of previous reviews, but they have apparently stepped their game up...   They have a new (or at least new to me) 60 second or less service guarantee and I was definitely wondering if the quality of the food would suffer since they were trying to move so quickly... I was very pleasantly surprised... Not only were we through the drive thru in about 60 seconds, my food was incredibly hot and fresh... Well, you know, as fresh as McDonald's is...   It was a quick trip with hot food which is what I wanted, so I was pleased...

Expectations are modest for service at a fast-food restaurant, but this location is a far cry below standard. The wait is always 10-15 minutes, even when they're not busy at off-peak times. I just pulled into drive-thru at 9:45 on a Friday, was the only car in line, and sat for almost eight minutes at the order kiosk without a response. By the time I left, there were seven cars backed up, and no one manning the fast food line. There's a Burger King around the corner; the food ain't great, but at least it's fast.

After making two breakfast stops at other locations and realizing I wouldn't be eating anytime soon, due to Sunday wait times, I decided to head to McDonald's. Yes, I said it, McDonald's!  McDonald's has always had a decent breakfast menu and now offers breakfast all day, yippee for me! I arrived and waited at the counter for more than 5 minutes for an employee to take my order, even though there were employees all over.  I ordered a sausage, egg and cheese on a biscuit and a hash brown, only to learn hash browns are not included on the all day menu items, although it was on the all day menu board behind the cashier.  So, I decided to go with 3 hotcakes.   First, the 'hotcakes' were cold.  And, I got the Mcgriddle sandwich not the biscuit. After correcting my order the breakfast sandwich was just okay. The biscuit tasted a little stale and because I think they were rushed in correcting my order the cheese was not melted.  So, this morning breakfast visit was very disappointing....maybe I'll try again another time.

Holy cow - for a location like this to be this bad... It's right across the street from South park Mall for crying out loud - South park mall has done everything it can to make itself upscale and this travesty is across the dang street! Some of the staff barely speak English and will mess your order up if you don't get standard menu items. Luckily for me I stopped eating trash (which is what you get at any fast food joint) so I don't eat here anyway. But, 50 pounds heavier ago I did. I even contacted the manager once to complain about my repeated horrible experience. She said she would send me some coupons and acted like I was wasting her time. I never received anything and also never ate at this location again. I can't stand bad customer service. That's what you get at this location (along with the poison this place peddles). This location is to be avoided - the burger king just across the street has better staff and if you are going to eat junk food - it would be a better choice.

The inside is what sets this McDonald's apart. No point talking about the food, y'all know what to expect. But what is unexpected is that there is a player piano in the front downstairs tinkling pleasant quasi-classical tunes.   Up the circular staircase upstairs is wi-fi and cable news on a big screen at a tolerable level. People were set up with their laptops and the overall effect was really manageable. I rarely ever want to go IN to a fast-food place because the environment is usually such a turn-off, but this location is a nice alternative. Unlike a previous reviewer, I found the place to be quite clean and this was at a very busy lunch time.   Getting in is a bit of a trial as you have to cross through the drive-through line and the people in their cars are not really looking out for pedestrians.  I'd return here for a place to linger a bit, which is a shocker when I think about it.

Wow.  This McDonalds is hecka classy.  There's a baby grand piano, it's two stories, and everything is clean and immaculate.  There are numerous tables outside on the second floor balcony and the seating plan is perfectly laid out on the inside.  As far as facilities are concerned, this is the best McDonald's I've been to.  The food.... is the same as regular McDonald's which I think is AOK.  I don't know how some people are so picky with their $6 combo meals.  Besides waiter service, I don't know what else I would want!  I ordered my usual Big Mac Meal and it was delicious.  I got a great portion of fries, I had a great selection of drinks to choose from, and I had a wonderful environment to eat.  There's even a big TV with the news on so you can catch up on your current events.

Years ago this McDonald's location had a grease fire. To this day, that horrible burnt grease smell is still extremely prevalent when you walk in the door. The only way to rid this stench is to bulldoze and build another from scratch. They also have this player piano in this location which is often too loud and these are the reasons I get my orders to go. As far as food quality goes, well, it's McDonalds. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing. I do crave their burgers now and then and yes, they are convenient. But it's hit and miss as far as freshness goes. But it's really that awful smell inside that nauseates me to no end.

RUDE RUDE RUDE. I normally NEVER leave a review of a fast food chain, but this is an exception.  The workers are just plain rude.  The fries were nasty and the bun on my burger was stale.  Avoid this place unless you just don't give a crap about how your treated and want a sub par Big Mac.

This location has a terrible drive through. Always check your receipt and your food before you leave.  They will mess up your order somehow every time. Charging for wrong size food items or even leaving burger patties off the buns seem to be common errors at this place.  But at least their ice cream machine has worked every time I've been... silver lining?

Decent McDonalds. Definitely better than the one in Houston that I used to go to and wrote a complaint on them for being consistently negligent. I like this one and its a keeper!   Place - two stories and for the most part, clean.  Price - it's Mickey D's.   Service - somewhat quick in the drive-thru, friendly people. They only forgot once, but it's forgivable.

I love this McDonald's. They are always so kind and care about their customers. One day this Spanish woman accidentally gave me breakfast burritos instead of my sandwich. When I came back she realize exactly what happened and quickly traded them out. Today when I came, two weeks later she gave me a brownie for no reason. they also make the best iced coffee around.

I roll through this drive thur an embarrassing number of times per week. Overall this McDonald's is one of the better ones. The fries are for the most part always hot. But this is my only complaint... The sweet tea has been off lately. The person saying they've been using tap water could be on to something.

I was just waiting in line prior to midnight, and there was a car in front of me, and we were both waiting in line, and as soon as I pulled up to the kiosk, still before 12am, i waited, I waited, and then they turned the lights off... they didn't say a word, they simply turned the lights off even though i had been waiting a solid 5 mins before closing. Normally this wouldn't bother me, but this particular location has gotten my order wrong on several occasions, and i let it go. Im sorry, if someone pulls in, waits, prior to your closing hour, you need to serve them. Do not wait until the 3 mins before your closing and turn off the lights because it is a Saturday night and you don't want to deal with anyone else. I've had jobs in fast food and been a server, and some times, them the brakes...deal with it. I am done with this location entirely. Thanks for reminding me of why i should not eat fast food.

I used to like this Mcdonald's location. But recently getting really disgusting. A lot of flies are flying around. Their floor is sticky. Tables and chairs are always nasty. It's really turned me off. I didn't get anything there!

I called this McDonald's location to ask if their salad was kosher.  As a kosher diet is a very important part of my religion. The employee who answered the phone was very rude and told me to, Go ask yo mama.  The employee hung up on me so I called back and the same employee kept saying, This is the police department, how may I help you.  She said this in a very threatening manner.  Clearly this location and its employees don't care about religious observances and cultural differences.

By McDonald's standards, this location is downright luxurious!   The service is great some shifts, and shifty other shifts, but the setting makes up for it.   In addition to the baby grand piano in the corner of the first floor-- there's a fireplace and large TV on the second floor, and a balcony for outside seating.  There are even framed paintings on the walls!  (Well, they're to the caliber of those art show liquidation paintings that cost $5, but I appreciate the ambiance enhancer.)   Especially fitting since this MickyD's is across the street from Nordstrom!

This place is truly hit and miss... The breakfast is best here like many other reviews say here the drive thru is rediculously laid out while I've never encountered rude staff here I gotta say it's only selling point is the location,being 2 stories, and the piano is awesome but it is mcdonalds keep in mind so the food can only be so good even if it's hot and fresh   Eat here at your own risk and since they close at midnight this isn't a drunk food spot

McDonald's is McDonald's there's  nothing really special to say. Quick cheap food with a tolerable customer service. What's not to love?

We went here today for breakfast and the service was great. Got back and told the Minick's family to go there.

The restaurant is clean but that is the nicest thing I can say about it.  The food was horrible both times I ate there in the past two weeks!  I talked to the manager after the first time who acted concerned but less than a week later the food was still horrible!!!!  Fries were cooked in old nasty grease( taste like everything but fries) and the burger was not done or hot!!!!!!!!!!!!

I have been sitting in the drive through now for 15 mins, still 3 cars back. They are hire incompetent morons. Can't wait till robots take over their jobs.   Update on 4/9/17 9:PM  Came back ordered a milkshake for my kid in the drive through. The cashier in a rude tone said we don't has no milkshakes Our machines is down.   No we're sorry or what else can we get you. Just rude and frankly these people have no business working in the hospitality industry.   The few times I have gone to this McDonald's it's night and day how well the drive through runs in the morning compared to the evening. In the morning it runs smooth and fast,  at night it is horrible.

Nasty!  The food and the staff.  The people here do not have a care in the world and only want the day to end so they can get paid.  The food is absolutely horrible and yet so many people with limited taste buds frequent this place.   The only place worst is Jack in the Box.

It's a McDonald, you can't expect an amazing experience.  This McDonald is in an excellent location, right across the street from Nordstrom and Belk's in South Park Mall. Two stories with a huuge playground attached for kids. This is children's haven. The upstair even has a piano, tell me a McDonald that has this?  Plenty of seating, the store itself is clean enough, a lot of sunlight and open ceilings since it has 2 floors. Service is not superb but not terrible. Overall, if you compare this McDonald with other McDonalds around the area, or even around the state, you will find that this one is quite superb.

This McDonald's has a confusing as hell Drive Thru route. You have to circle the entire building to get to the Drive-Thru section. I was so hungry for my fatty indulgence that I pictured myself accidentally running over a patron as I high-tailed my way around the corner to get to the drive-thru lane. Yeah, this location looks all fancy-shmancy but they really, really disappointed me.  I got a nugget meal to-go, only to go home and find that they forgot the SAUCE! Nuggies with no sauce? I wouldn't wish that upon my worst enemy! I looked at my receipt and it was right there-- S&S sauce $0. But, there was no sauce. I tore through my bag, hoping that it was hiding under the fries, but there was no sauce to be found.  I could have broken down in tears right then.  For that, I will not return to you. You have forsaken me.

Waited 15 minutes at a drive thru at 11:30 at night. One person in line with no response. Ridiculous??.....and then after the mcflurry machine was down, no honey mustard, no cheeseburgers available, and they were all cussing when I was trying to order. Yikes............and they still charged me for a burger even though I didn't get one. Honestly was scared to say anything after hearing them in there.

The worst worst worst!!!!! Takes forever to get food here. Haven't been to McDonald's in years and thought I would go here for some late night quick grab. Boy what a big mistake.   Mark

surprised with the CBO. good sandwich. would do without the mayo next time. but what is the deal with shredded cheese on garden salad. from what I remember cheeses don't come from a garden!......lol but was easy and quick. rather maybe next to go across the street to Hazels diner.

Poor customer service,food sucks. Arrogant staff members and manager.

Food is mediocre but the fact is its so damn cold to eat here. Would maybe be 3 stars, if they cared at all about the temp.  The four groups eating here are complaining and huddled in one small area where it's all the way up to 50 degrees.

If you like hearing screaming brats while you try to eat then this location is for you!! The play area here is not only inside but there's no separation so all the screams echo off the walls and theres no area to sit where you don't have to hear other people's brats. Also, as usual, in public for some reason people think their kid becomes everyone else's problem and let them run through the whole place without any supervision!! The manager just watched and said nothing.  All doors are supposed to be open during business hours, but the door near the drive through was locked, I only know because I tried to walk around so I didn't have to deal with the three homeless men camped out at the main door begging everyone for money. I even told the guy if he was hungry I would buy him food, his reply you don't have cash? Wtf?!! And the manager walked right by them and didn't say a word.

I show the app that buy 1 get one free. And they change regular price....  I just went there and got to my office.   I look the receipt they change 2 times .... I feel so bad now :(

McDonalds food served by English language challenged people. Enough said.

I am not a normal patron of McDonald's. I make it a goal in life never to step foot in these nasty soulless establishments, but AMEX was offering 5$ off of 5$, so I went into this place (looks as good as a McD can look from the outside) and as soon as I step foot I notice there are napkins all over the floor like if it was a part of the new tiling scheme or something.   I grasp my Chipotle bag a bit closer. Get in queue.  There is this guy in one of the front-row stools facing the action at the registers that is praying over his poor, chemical/GMO laboratory-concocted excuse for 'food'. I thought I entered one of those live art installations I learned about in Art Appreciation and on World's Dumbest (which my girlfriend watches, not me!). Try to ignore him.   Finally, after what seems like fifteen minutes (how is it that Chipotle next door not only took my order immediately, but had my food bagged and charged in less amount of time and it is REAL FUCKING FOOD?), I reach a really short Latina lady that seems like she has zero happiness left in her life and she wishes she was in whichever state in whatever country she is originally from instead of here.   Good afternoon. ::weird look:: from the cashier Five dollar gift card, please. Fif dolla. Yes, ma'am. I try to hand her my CC in an awkward misunderstanding on procedure at McDonald's in 2012.  She points at the self-serve CC machine aggressively angry.    Seconds later, I am about to slide my card and she updates me on breaking development: no cards for gift card; cash only. Uh, really. Cancel that then.  I walk out in defeat.   I have asked around regarding this seemingly concocted policy rule and was told to go to a nicer McDonald's. Well, it's really relative, because there is no such thing as a 'nice' McDonald's, simply varying levels of shittiness accompanying your shit faux-food. - E

It's McDonald's. Keep the expectations to that. It's a newer build with a Play Place, and McCafe. It's fine, lots of kids, what did you expect?  Food was fine, service was good, looked and felt clean.

SUPER slow drive-thru (even at 10PM!) but the guy at the window made up for it by hooking me up with a couple free frozen lemonade coupons!! No purchase necessary? I'm there!

I'm not a McDonald's eater. Blame Fast Food Nation, blame their rash of bad publicity, or blame common sense, but the food here isn't really good and we all know it. That being said, their double cheese burger tastes like childhood and you can't deny that, either.  I usually stop here to hit up the Redbox machine, but occasionally I'll pop in to grab a treat for my BF or a friend. Somehow, in the handful of times I've gone in, they've always been out of chocolate shakes. And half the time their coffee is lukewarm despite being fresh-made.   Without fail, this place is always kind of messy, and their parking lot layout is a disaster waiting to happen- it's small and seems like half the spots are handicap-only, but luckily the lot itself connects on either side to the car wash and the Walmart plaza. Because you can't go to one without going to the other.

I would like to give this place is zero star recommendation. because they suck my girlfriend and I went there through the drive thru received exactly half the items we ordered  and the half we got    were cold and had been in the warmer for too long. Of course we realize all this when we got home so my girlfriend tried to call them to let them know about the situation her phone rang off the hook nonstop we tried several times and your phone just rang and rang and rang very aggravated customer service is terrible any it's not even something to be concerned accident these people must be blatantly stupid it's terrible I would never go there ever again the receipt very clearly says what we ordered and they can't even get it right.

This location is always a let down. I tried to be nice but every time it's just awful... I'm guessing the manager is the Hispanic lady that wears a different outfit, she's very rude to her workers...   Not only that, I ordered items that would specifically have minion pieces... There's NO pieces... I'm going to the other locations from now on... Not like there's only a few.

Not a big fan of the Arches but I stopped here because they have WIFI.  I felt I needed to order something quick so I went right for the $1 menu.  Hot n  Spicy and Double Cheeseburger would be just enough for 5 minutes of internet.  Food was actually decent and came out hot and fresh.  My issue was that there was no place to power my computer.  The one outlet they had in the restaurant did not work. I am sure it was intentional because of the area it is located.  I looked everywhere for additional power but none was to be had.  Oh well  back to Starbucks I go.

Worst McDonald ever tons of people working slowest service ever.  Waited for ice cream cones for 15 minutes in drive through.  The staff is horrible and rude I would never spend my money here.

I stopped here in the morning to grab a quick bite to eat before heading to CSN. The staff was nice and food was prepared at a fast pace. The manager even came over and asked did I speak Spanish I said no so she explained what they was talking about to make me a little comfortable. Overall a good quick meal close to the school.

We used to live in this area and have seen the deterioration over the past few years. They tried to keep up with the remodel that was going on through most of the McDonald's locations, but I want to say within a year (definitely less than 2), the community had already trashed most of the remodeled area. The seats are all torn (and taped together), tables are crooked, chairs don't swivel smoothly.   The staff definitely lacks customer service skills as well as many of them lacking a basic understanding of the English language - which is a totally separate pet peeve of mine.   We've been greeted with hostility, attitude, lack of any sort of pride in their employment.   The only reason we go here now is to run in for a quick drink and run back out.

Not a good McDonalds.  They are slow and have no customer service skills, which I could get if food was good, but it's not.  Served dry chicken sandwiches. Fries were unsalted which sucks when you leave the drive thru and have no access to salt.  I ordered 2 sandwiches and 2 orders of fries.  Asked for ranch and mayo.  They gave me one of each.  Not going here again!

This location has disappointed me plenty of times in the past, but this past week I went to this location and received the worst customer service that I have ever received, the manager was rude to her employees, and she is never doing anything, and on top of that when I got my food, they got my order wrong, and refused to give me my money back, I do not recommend this location to anyone, due to the lack of customer service and the fact that the manager acts like a dictator.

This place is the dirtiest McDonald's I have ever been to everywhere you look there is a mess it is really dirty. The food gets cold fast because of the temp of the restaurant.  There is trash everywhere

This has got to be one of the slowest drive-thrus I have ever had the pleasure of waiting in line for! I only ordered medium sized french fries and a hot chocolate, and it took at least 20 minutes to finally get my order!  And to top that off, when it was finally my turn at the window, it took them 5 minutes to open the window to tell me that my order will be ready shortly! You may think I am exaggerating, but I am not! Hopefully my next time there will not be as horrendous!

I wish i had the chance to choose which cashier to help me. I always end up with that rude disrespectful Af-Am lady. Too bad i only had few minutes for my break, and it's close to school. I swear i've tried all the fast food chains around CSN.  Okay, let's get straight to the point. I always get the worst customer service EVERYTIME she's the cashier. She shouldn't be there. No smiles, no greet, she just takes orders, tell you how much is the damage and would give you a weird look if you give her exact change.  Recently, i went there again to grab a quick lunch. Same thing did happen! Lol i ordered Mcbites and she forgot to put the sauce in my bag. As i was going through inside my bag, not even knowing something was missing, take note i was holding my bag in my arms, she shoots the sauce inside my bag like a basketball pro and then stares at me like there's your sauce bitch, you can leave now. Lol it was sorta funny but come on! Say atleast excuse me?  Never heard any word from her besides, medium or large?  She needs to go back to training or stay in kitchen.

Went to McDonalds on Rancho and Washington drive-thru had very bad customer service. Asked if we can have fresh nuggets and fries. Never did she say yes/no her reply was anything else. So I asked her to repeat the order, she never said fresh. So I asked her again, again her reply was the same. She then said she wasn't gonna take our order anymore. Mind you we were stuck in line for 20min and when we get to the window she said she wasn't doing our order because we screamed at her. I Did not scream at her. I asked her and she had an attitude. Unfortunately I worked for this company for a month and notice the way they treated customers. I had to go. Not going there again. So, we went to a different one, very nice when we asked for fresh food. No attitude given.

The food is okay  for breakfast and lunch  with soft drinks e  burger  and chicken nuggets and shakes & frappe are some of the items that I love

This place takes ages to make food, they  tell me the credit card machine isnt working, which is almost every visit. Seems to be a slow and annoying process to obtain fast food!

Service is good... Wish I can say the same for their food; it's a 50/50 shot that you'll either get both out either or :/ Grades: Service: A- Food quality: C-

Staff works with what they have, but the parking lot is too small and the drive through isn't well-planned.  There are two entrances into the parking lot, and both lead directly into the single-file drive through line.  Makes for a lot of line cutting and angry customers.  Also, once the tiny drive through line has more than 5 cars, it wraps around the parking lot and prevents dine-in customers from coming and going.  Staff is highly stressed and I think because customers project their frustration onto staff, when the layout of the store is not their fault.  Hungry and frustrated people are just looking for someone to yell at.

grabbed the family food, waited 20 minutes in drive thru. was told everything was in the box- left and checked---fries,-  cheeseburger and both my drinks were never given- i waited so long, i forgot about my drinks until i left. had to come back---the doors inside were locked inside of course--now back in the drive thru with 3 cars ahead of me to get something i should have gotten a while ago...was so convinced everything was in the box like the dummy employee mentioned-should have known better and checked at the window.

It tells you something about the area of town when you have to ask the cashier to unlock the restroom door.  My friends and I were hungry on shop moving day and they chose McDonald's.  We each had Big Macs.   They were not as good as I remembered them.  The meal for three of us was under $10 though including a couple of drinks and some fries.

Horrible.  I ordered a sausage mcgriddle with bacon and I got a sausage cheese mcgriddle. I also went to use the restroom and neither stall had toilet paper. And the cashier thought it was funny. Terrible customer service.

This place is crap!  I was told to wait 4 minutes for pumpkin pies to cook, so park in parking lot.  After 10 mins, employee came out and tried to substitute apples pies but I refused.  I went inside after 25 mins and asked about pies, manager went into back and after a couple of mins,  brought the 2 pumpkin pies, plus 2 more for my trouble.  I complained about the rest of my order being cold now and was told sorry by cashier.  I finally left the restaurant exactly 30 mins from the time on the receipt.  When I got home, I discovered that the fries were missing from the happy meal as well as the sweet and sour sauce that I requested plus all the food was cold.

There this lady name Melissa and she was great . She 1st mess up my order but how she handle it was great . Normally ppl blame others in the back . You know that ppl you can't see . But Melissa was like . Hey my bad. You can keep the mess up order and I'll be you another one . That's the basic but she gone all out like I got free coffee while I waited and I got a card where the next meal on them . I only spand 3 dollars and I walked out with 10 dollars worth of food .   So hears a shout out to Melissa

Every time  I came here: Long lines Short staffed Not accepting cards only cash  Out of certain things  Parking lot small People playing loud music in their car you can't hear the speakers in the drive thru Not a good area to be in general nor a good store to buy food from :/ Nasty parking lot People cutting you off cause drive thru have two ways to enter but only one poll to order from. Fries cup is half full not completely full of fried Staff is very polite and helpful not their fault this business/building is old/things are broken

The staff is friendly and they always seem to keep the store clean compared to others.  Try the sugar free vanilla iced coffee it's simply the best! I highly recommend it!

Very nice inside for a fast food joint, especially in this neighborhood. The pay area for children is awesome, clean and looks brand new. Brought my niece here after picking her up from day care. They even have some electronic screens that have games on them. Which is great cause kids these days are use to passing with touch screens. As far as food well I'm sure you have been to a McDonald's before so nothing new there. Definitely stop by if your kids need some pay time and get their fix of nuggets. I got my niece the 4pc nuggets with chocolate milk and apple slices. I like that McDonald's has these kids size frys that chive with it so they get some fries but don't have to worry about them eating too many.

It's McDonald's.  What do you really expect. I work nearby so it's convenient when I run out of leftovers to bring for lunch. They never messed up my order and it seems well organized. The only time I really had a bit of a wait in the drive-thru was when the person in front of me paid entirely with change. And that's not McDonald's fault.  I only gave 4 stars because let's face it, it's gross fast food. It'll get you by in a jam, but eating here on the regular is not something I can recommend.

Busy location - combination lock on the door - loitering problems maybe?  One bad customer service cashier made this a visit to McDonald's - just to get a cup of coffee - unpleasant.   Minimum wage employees who seem to feel he can not check on a guy's order because he kind of looked homeless?  The bag was sitting on the counter and the poor guy wasn't given a receipt and was hesitant to take the food because he wasn't sure. I asked the cashier what the bag contained and the cashier said from 1' away that he is there and the food is here - like he can't flipping step over 2 steps to see what it is!!?!?  When I game him a seriously? look, he finally checked on it.  And finally the poor guy had his lunch!  In the mean time my coffee was all forgotten about and I had to ask for it.   Dear Cashier - there is a reason why you are still a cashier at McDonald's  at age -'probably over 40 -   The place is renovated and cute but they need to upgrade the people that deal w customers!

old hard fries. stale bread on cheesburgers.  will never be back to this location.

Not open looks like they may be remodeling

All i wanted was an order of fresh (20 piece) nuggets for myself and my son. Saw the first McD's and stopped here. It took under 2 mins to order and get my food ... Both girls window 1 (Pay Here) and window 2 (pick up here) just looked unhappy. No hello, no smile, just misery. So then I asked the girl at window 2 if the nuggets were fresh, she looked confused so i asked again ... She said she did not know, twice. I was waiting for her to do what is usually done, ask the ppl running the line. She didn't. Instead she laughed and closed the window. Talk about bad customer service. I didnt get out my car just because the struggle of a carseat for my son. I get home to cold, stale nuggets. At least i got this location out of the way. On to the next.

Stopped by the drive through to get lunch for me and the hubby.   First off, the girl on the speaker was super hard to understand. Not because of the speaker, but because of her accent. If you're going to put someone on drive through orders, make sure the people in line can decipher what they're saying.  Second, this place has two drive through lanes. Everyone knows it's supposed to go one lane at a time for ordering. The lane next to me had three cars go through before my order even got taken.   Third, my order got punched in wrong. When I got to the window to pay, the girl read off my order AS SHE SWIPED MY CARD. So basically I'm stuck with whatever they want to give me at that point. I ordered a nugget combo meal and a chicken club combo meal. When I told the girl the sandwich was wrong (they had a quarter pounder on there), she called back to someone to have it corrected and told me they would give it to me at the next window.  I get to the window and the guy there is basically throwing my food and drinks at me. I asked him if there was a chicken sandwich in the bag and he said yes. Lesson learned - always check the bag. I open it up and find a quarter pounder with bacon - no cheese. Definitely NOT what I ordered. Not to mention that each of my drinks had three (yes, three) cups attached to each other. Maybe if the guy hadn't been throwing my food at me he would have taken the time to only give me one cup. That ought to throw their drink count off tonight.  Will not be back.

Stopped in the drive through after DBacks Fan Fest to grab a light bite and a drink on the way home. Got a Buffalo Spicy McChicken Sandwich and a large Coke Zero from the Dollar Menu and got in and out rather fast.   Newly remodeled, this location looks much better than it did before. The ONLY drawback I had was trying to get back out onto the street to catch the freeway, as traffic from Fan Fest was impossible, but someone was kind enough to let me out. That was cool by me.

Terrible wait times. Always. There can be 2 people ahead of me and it is still a guaranteed 10 minute wait. I don't understand what the issue is. I wish management would help get this in order.

This is not your mother's Micky Ds.  The decor was ultra modern and the place was clean.  The staff was very polite and attentive.  The food was normal McDonalds quality.

Wow!!   Just awful!!!   We literally waited 20min for breakfast and then our coffee was cold!!   Nobody was at the counter but a bunch of people were laughing and talking in the back!!  This is a first for me -/ writing a bad review for fast food!!   Unfriendly workers and dirty restaurant !

Average McDonald's so you know roughly what to expect from it. No complaints.

The food was fine.  But as other recent reviews state, the wait line at breakfast was ridiculous. I was in the drive through for 15 minutes, and the traffic was quite average.  I felt bad for the workers, as from what I could see, they were working hard but simply understaffed.  The first window for payment wasn't being used, so that made everything slower at the second window.  Hire more morning workers.

Amazing! Once again they have pulled it off! The bacon ranch wraps are my favorite. Nice and big is the way I like em. Good service,clientele, pretty good food! I love this place! Great for kids, but watch out for the calories. I give it 5 stars.

I stopped at this McDonald's today.  I ordered 2 cheeseburgers and small french fries.  After I paid I pulled up to the next window and waited about a minute before I was acknowledged.  Then the person delivering the orders said my order would be up 'shortly'.  After a couple of minutes another person came to the window and said they were waiting on 'fresh fries'.  I thought this odd for a restaurant that hypes their fries as one of the mainstays of their menu.  After a couple of more minutes my order was handed to me.  The bad was literally soaked with oil from the fries.  Since I had waited in line and had held up other folks I just took the bag and left.  Both the person who prepared the order and the person who delivered the order should have known better than to give the oil soaked bag to a customer.  When I got home I found the fries to be a bit undercooked.    Poor customer service.  Poor image for McDonalds.

Just picked up lunch from the drive thru. Wait was exceptionally long. When I got to the pick up window the reason was apparent, three young ladies were in the window, one was sleeping with her head on the computer. The reason for the slow service became apparent. This will be the last time I visit the location.

I placed my order at the drive thru and from the time I paid until the time I reached the pick up window it was 10 minutes. Even when I got to the pick up window, no one showed up for a good minute. When I reached inside the bag, the fries were cold. When I went in to the restaurant, they told me I could wait another 5 minutes to get a fresh order and that I had to understand that 3:45 is their rush hour. What that has to do with cold fries, I don't understand.  I got my money back, left and contacted McD's online. The response was sorry we disappointed you, we are working on it, but go back and try again. Sorry, I am not here waste my time to test out whether you are improving or not. At least there is a Burger King around the corner. Too bad you can't give no stars.

I've been to this mcDonalds a million times but it's the first time I really want to say this hoping McDonald is reading.   The manager is really nice but I think either the staff are trained badly or it's just a bad case of lord of the flies there.   It's a Sunday morning, we used the kiosk to order and the receipt was jammed inside. I walked over to the counter and asked the first person to help me, to which she responded  yeah the machine is jammed so you don't get a receipt but I will get your food. I tried twice to explain to her that I could see my receipt in the slot but she just kept giving me the same respond. A second person (some teenager with a frown clearing showing how much she didn't want to be there) chimed in with ma'm that is not your receipt, there is no receipt and we can't print another one for you        . What she meant was it's just a stupid receipt and stop asking us. I already know it's not true because this happened before and I got one re printed. Frankly I really didn't care about the receipt, it's the general laziness of either of them walking back there to get the someone with a key bit that probably bothered me more. Never mind that legally they have to give a customer a receipt when asked.   While I was waiting to speak with the manager, a customer walked up and said I ordered two sausage egg mcmuffins and these have neither sausage or egg in them. At that point he manager just arrived to the front with all 3 of the servers gawking at the  meatless/eggless sandwiches with no clue what to do and me standing there waiting for a receipt. It's almost comical.   Of course I got my receipt (exactly where I saw it stuck inside) and many apologies from the manager. And the guy got two new sandwiches and happy. Just makes you wonder if the manager is doing everything why they even need the others.   One thing about McDonalds food is that it's consistent - it's not gourmet but it serves it purpose.  Just unfortunate they could find consistently with it people to work there. It's the restaurant business I guess.   By the way it's a 24 hour location so the info for the restaurant needs to be changed.

You know what really annoys me (I was going to use a different word) when they clearly state that the dining room is 24 hours along with the drive thru but they have the door locked. And this isn't the first time I've been here and it's been locked after midnight.  It really angers me that I can't go in and buy some food after midnight and I can't walk through the drive thru (I don't drive or own a car). I really want some nuggets right now but can't get any and this is the closest McDonald's to me and they're closed. Don't they know that the dining room is 24 hours as well. Seriously this is a serious problem with this McDonald's. It's almost as bad as when the McDonald's was in the middle of the parking lot with roaches and a dank gross out underground play area. There are standards and this McDonald's constantly falls short. Slow service (I've stood in this McDonald's and waited up to 10 minutes to be served), locked doors after midnight. If it wasn't the only one within walking distance I would seriously stop coming here.

Typical McDonalds but it is open 24 hours which is handy. I find the drive thru a little on the slow side.

For all the years this McD's has been here which is basically as long as I can remember it's been a staple in the Markland Woods area.  Essentially this is the 2nd closest McD's to where I live and of the two it's the only in a residential area (Mill Rd and Bloor) very close to the Etobicoke/Mississauga border.  This McD's along with mostly every single one these days has been remodeled both inside and out to give a more contemporary and more upscale look when compared to the plastic and bright colors of the past.  Pretty much gone are the non-screen menus, plastic molded seating and dim lighting.  In all the years I've come to this McD's only once did I have a problem but more recently I find the staff very polite and the I've never seen the inside get too untidy unlike the one up near Commerce and Eglinton.    This strip mall can get pretty busy as can this parking lot can get packed at times.

It's alright but it gets way too busy here. You could drive down to the Thunderbird/43rd Ave McDonald's and be back on the I-17 in the time it takes to get in and out of this drive-thru.

Managers and staff are very rude !!!  Bad service. Trying to charge extra for napkins , for everything!!! They didn't complete my order the was it was supposed to .

I have always ordered the two sausage and egg mcmuffins for 3.33 with a folded egg instead of the rubber egg.   This McDonald's decided to not let me substitute it anymore if I want the special price.   What are they losing, besides me as a customer. Because every other McDonald's lets me and my husband do it, didn't realize McDonald's could have different rules.  Always hated this McDonald's anyway

Fast service. Friendly employees. Pumpkin spice was horrible tastes like extra dark coffee I couldn't even drink it. I threw it away and went to Starbucks they cost the same but at Starbucks actually taste like pumpkin spice. Very disappointed.

I enjoy McDonalds coffee in Canada, it rivals Tim Hortons.  Even the tea is good.  I tried once twice and 3 times in phoenix and the coffee was brown hot and no flavour to be had.  The worst coffee i ever had.  I had to resort to starbucks and i don't like startbucks to begin with.  I ask for tea and i have to specify hot tea which is fine but they give me a hot cup of water and a packet of sugar, and creme cup, and a tea bag.  so i have to make the tea myself.  This happen and 3 different occasions.  They don't get that people want milk in the tea not creme.  They need some training on how to make basic hot beverages, or just get out of making breakfast, because i don't want soda with my breakfast.  I was so relieved to get bake home and have my McDonalds coffee again in Canada.

Went in yesterday morning and the front counter service was awful! Not friendly! Did not repeat order afterwards and of course, half of our order was not there. At least the manager was nice, but get some new employees that have some personality!!

This drive-thru is so slow! I sat in line 15 minutes for a hot coffee. Needless to say it was cold when I received it because it had been sitting on the counter waiting for my turn at the window. The managers should be asking themselves where the breakdown is.

4:30 am and a long drive home only means, McDonalds Hashbrowns.  Then maybe a Sausage Mcmuffin with Cheese.  So it was me, my son, my uncle and my mom.  This was to start I day.  I hate to say it but breakfast on the go has to be McDonalds.  We all got our respective breakfast sandwiches and drinks.  But the thing of note for me was the fact that we ordered 7 Hashbrowns.  The drive thru lady kept repeating 7?    Yes, 7 Hashbrowns.  We're a Hashbrown loving family.

Pretty good...for mc donald's.

Ordered a sausage egg and cheese mcgriddle, got mcgriddle bread. No sausage. No egg. No cheese. Are you freaking kidding me? I've had some bad experiences with McDonald's, but this is definitely a first.

The service was pretty fast but the food was awful. The bun was stale and have the impression that the burger was made yesterday and reheated. Yuck!

Well, this time they forgot a couple burgers, but this is a first at this McDonalds.  At leadt they were friendly and even reognized me 15 minutes later.  Issue quickly corrected witg a smile.

I definitely recommend the strawberry lemonade ! The lobby is clean and when another customer spilled their drink, the staff cleaned it up right away!

The food was fresh but the drive thru was very slow and is was apparent why when I pulled up to the window - either a lack of staff or organization led to obvious disarray in the service area. No one even came to the window until about 2-3 minutes after I pulled up.  It was about 10:00 pm and not busy at all yet very slow. I was eventually greeted with a pleasant smile and enjoyed good food, but I've experienced far better service at a number of nearby locations.  I've also noticed slight variances in prices of some items from location to location, specifically with the Egg McMuffin. At this location is seemed quite surprisingly overpriced. I'd avoid in general.

Clean, but super slow.   So here's the deal, after setting up my car with new speakers and a stereo at the Best Buy across the street, I had to wait for a couple of hours while they installed everything. I had two separate installs and ended up hanging out at this McDonald's on both occasions. Here are my two observations:   1. The cashiers are super slow at taking orders and getting food orders out. It was unreal how long I had to wait both times for the gal to get my order ready after I placed it. She walked around unhappily with a frown the whole time, then just stood there as my food was made and was ready to be served up. This occurred at slow times in the day as well, not busy times.  2. This place is actually one of the cleaner McDonald's that I've been to. There is ample seating inside and the place offers free wifi as well. Of course, they also have a sign that tells customers they have to leave after 30 minutes (must be a problem they have), so that's a bit of a put-off as a legitimate customer. Not sure if they enforce that though, they didn't with me.   So in the end, this McDonald's SHOULD be better than 2-stars. It's in a good location, it is cleaner than most locations, and the food is fresh. However, the crappy attitude and painfully slow service kills it for me at this location. I would only come back if I was waiting on Best Buy again for service to my car.

Transient and druggies hangout. Pan handling patrons as they walk in and out while at the same time the same bums are charging their cell phones inside the dining room.  They allow these filthy beggers to gather as a meeting place and park their cars in the parking lot while they walk over to the freeway with their pathetic signs and beg working people for their money.  Mcdonalds needs to put a stop to allowing these low life's to use their establishment for this purpose. Until they clean it up I won't be back and from the looks of the other reviews neither will others.

Wanted to get a quick something to eat, went thru the drive thru and was pretty fast. when I picked up my food and got home to eat..it was not what I ordered. Get a clue???

Fucking slow, 2 cars in the drive through and been here 20 minutes. The bitch looks like she should be working at a truck stop in the middle of Kentucky with her hill hilly ass. Fucking stupid. Avoid this place

Excellent drive thru dude! I would have given them a perfect score, but the chick he was working with wanted charge extra sauce, when he was just trying to hook it up! Thanks for trying man:)

This McDonald is terrible. I have been through the drive through several times and constantly they get the order wrong. Even when ordering diet coke and then when they hand it to you I ask once again is this diet? They say yes and I drive away and taste it and clearly is regular. I end up throwing it away and the next time I go I tell them. You would think they would replace it but they are more interested in making sure they make money. Not to do the right thing.  Don't waste your time.

Location: Right off the I-17 and W Thunderbird Road, this location is across from Best Buy and Lowe's. During breakfast and lunch hours, the drive-thru is very busy as this is a very convenient spot for people to grab something to eat quickly.  Food: My go to food item here is the Hot and Spicy chicken sandwich. It's cheap and pretty tasty. However, for me its not at all spicy. Wish I could find a place that actually had a spicy chicken sandwich. I do get their fries here as well. Most of the time they are nice a crispy. A bit on the salty side, but not too bad.   Customer service: I've only been to this location a couple of time. Each of the times I've been here, the staff have been so pleasant and helpful. There is always someone cleaning tables, sweeping the floors and picking up trays.   Interior: They have recently remodeled this location, so everything is brand new and looking awesome. They've opened it up and added more tables and booths to accommodate more customers. They've also added ordering kiosks so you can take your time to order or just cut the lines. Food is brought out to you and they even refill your drinks, if you want them to. Restrooms were very clean, not only looking but smelling. Everything was well stocked and clean.   Would recommend this location if you like McDonalds.

My kids' happy meals weren't very happy- considering neither received a toy, & one of the two was given literally only 5 French fries.

A horrid first time. You get judged the moment you walk through. I ordered a number 8 which was a crispy but I was given a 7 which was a grilled. I had them fix it and they apologized with an apple pie. Then I heard someone say to not give it away. So that's cool.

Average location in every way. Food order was correct and hot. Employees were average, but nothing to brag about. Restaurant was clean and well stocked. Getting in and out of this location is not easy since you have to go into the shopping area off of Thunderbird, turn into the Lowes parking lot and then turn into McDonalds parking lot; no direct access from Thunderbird.

The dude at the drive-thru never fails to mess up my order...granted it's a coffee drink which can be complicated. However, it's the only thing I ever purchase and I'm saddened each and every time I opt to go there out of convenience. Can't beat the price though.

Very slow service been waiting for a salad for 20 minutes.  It's worth the drive to go somewhere else.  Avoid this McDonalds!

Most every morning they mess up my coffee! I don't understand, the order board reads 8 sugars and my receipt  reads 8 sugars and then my coffee comes out with all cream and no sugar. I just don't understand.

Too many homeless/druggies hanging around this location makes it uncomfortable for the patrons of this establishment. Every time I frequent this place I am greeted by do you have some spare change for the bus routine or do you think I can get a ride from you up the street? I would use the drive thru, but McDonald's employees aren't always on point with getting the order correct and there have been many times where I've had to go back in and tell them.

1 mile from Nellis - no military or senior or anything specials.  Bleh!  The McDonald's around the LV Valley offer a 10% discount - so boo to this store.    Service was fast, professional, but.......that's it.  So, I'll support those that support me, and drive a few miles to the McD's that does offer a break today!

Kids playplace smells awful and there is food everywhere.  Will never go there except the drive thru.  Drive thru staff is very pleasant and polite, but it doesn't make up for the messy playplace.

This McDonald's is located at the food side entrance of the Nellis at Craig Walmart Super Center.   At the time that I stopped in Walmart on the way to Utah, I ate breakfast here. This McDonald's exceeded my expectations. I expected a shoddy McDonald's in one of the Las Vegas valley' s older super centers. Instead, I was eating in a clean and surprisingly cozy McDonald's. I am under the impression that it was recently refurbished. The interior shows off McDonald's history through portraits of the first McDonald's. The booths are extraordinary comfortable for  a McDonald's. Disparate from a few Las Vegas Valley Walmart McDonald's, this location offers more breakfast items. Including the egg McMuffin.   On my visit, they served me the egg McMahon meal in a short period of time. The coffee was hot. And I left satisfied.   Keep in mind that I ate here around 9:45 AM, before the Saturday morning rush. So, I have not seen how this McDonald's is when there is a rush of people.

I guess I'm not the only person to have money stollen in the drive thru at this McDonald's. I tried to do a split payment of cash and card for a transaction. I gave the attendant mostly cash and just needed some change taken off my card. He took the money off the card and pocketed the cash. He was acting strange so I checked my receipt to see what he did. I then checked my account to be sure. Just be aware!

I kinda wish there were negative stars. This McDonald's charged my card the wrong amount. And didn't tell me anything until I looked at my account and went back, they said my money will be returned to my account within hours. Now 3 days later my money is still not in my account. Also. I've been to other McDonald's with long drive thru lines but they are moving at an okay pace. This McDonald's drive thru lines are the slowest I've been in.

I walked in as the only customer and ordered a happy meal for my daughter. There were four employees working and it took 15 minutes to get food. Waiting for fresh food is not the issue I have. The EXTREMELY POOR customer service and customer awareness is the major issue in this store along with the cleanliness of the dining area and bathrooms. One employee was texting at a table (not on break) when there were at least ten tables dirty. I actually wiped our table clean. The supervisor did nothing to direct the other employees to take charge of the mess or slow orders. A few more customers trickled in and also waited an excessive amount of time for food. There was a younger white male and a younger black male working when given the right guidance could probably be fantastic employees but under the direction they are receiving now, they will never move forward within your company and are hopefully looking for other jobs because your establishment should be shut down. I manage a national full service restaurant and am appalled and shocked at the lack of service and overall filth of the location. Never again will I be returning.

Food is always fresh however you always wait at least 15 minutes before you are served which is unacceptable for a fast food place. This place is good depending if you are looking for quality food, or quick turn around time.  Wish they had a drive through.

Easily the worst McDonalds I've seen in a long time. Decor from the 80's, no drive-thru, slow service and poorly organized so everyone stands in packs hoping their food will come out next.   Head to the Burger King down the street...

In an area as busy and affluent as Solon, it was a shocking surprise to learn that it is home to one of the only Mickey D's in existence without a drive-thru. In another not-so-shocking-twist, it is also home to even more horrendous slow, unfriendly fast food service that we've grown to love as East Siders.

No soap in the bathroom, bad. Worse, no toilet paper in the bathroom. Spoiled salad. Milkshake machine is done. Broken ketchup dispenser.  Returned to bathroom 30 min after telling manager, still no toilet paper or soap.   Expect the cooks to have poop fingers.  They NEED to shut this Sh&t hole down.

This is the worst mcdonalds in the history of mcdonalds.  I wish I could give zero stars. The employees are rude,  unprofessional and unkempt looking. Shake machine rarely works. Order is usually wrong. Food prep area looks dirty.

I wish there was an option for zero stars. They never cook the fries done enough (crispy like other McD's). Never have enough staff. Always have a drive through back up. Employees are slow as snails. They tried to get my order right twice and didn't, I asked for a refund--they couldn't give me one so I just left the food. That's how bad the service is.

I can't agree with the previous reviews that this is the worst McDonald's ever but it certainly is far from the best. My order is frequently wrong. But the food is hot. I have never been inside and I don't really plan on it.

Very good. I got a greeting as I walked into the door. Ordering food was rather fast and efficient. Took a few moments to get food but that's alright. Food was delicious and filling. I even got my wallet back from another patron, that I had left on the counter. Another gentleman helped me when one of the bags I carried in fell on to the floor and I was unable to reach it. Pretty good overall and a fair if not above average place to eat fast food. Thank you.

Momma always said if you have nothing nice to say don't say it, write it on Yelp. This spot needs a lot of training IMO.  Every time I go back (why I don't know) I hope for the best and get disappointed over and over again. If it's not one thing it's another. Today when I pulled up to the window (the second one after you pay) and the lady stuck her arm out the window and said nothing and in fact didn't even look at me. Ok I'll get over that but when I went to eat my hash browns they looked like they saw a ghost. I thought hash brown were supposed to be golden brown ....... NOT WHITE :-(

Literally the worst McDonald's ever, and that's horrific to say. Literal garbage, the employees suck almost as much as the shitty food. I'd rather die than come back. We got half our order and were told they can't fix it. Absolute laziness. Will never return.

Yep.  A review of McDonald's.  I seem to be writing up fast food joints lately.  I guess because I feel it is needed or something.  In this case, the Mickey D's is around the corner from our house, which means that we've been there before.  Okay, we've been there a lot.  I'll admit it.  They used to be pretty decent, when McDonald's would make the food and let it sit - and yes, I know that means that I'm telling everyone how old I am by admitting that I remember that time.  Now that the food is made when you order it, it's pretty bad.  Typically, you have to wait.  And wait.  And wait.  The service typically isn't very good, which is to be expected for fast food, but it's even worse here, and it's not getting any better.  The other day I was surprised to see a manager working the front counter, and amazingly, food was going out faster than ever.  Maybe things were turning around?  Within perhaps 30 seconds of ordering I had my order.  A sign of things to come?  Nope.  Wrong food in the bag.  At least he tried.  Sigh...  Sweet Tea Report:  McDonald's has recently been getting into the Southern Style Fast-Food, presumably to compete with Chick-Fil-A.  They have a Southern Style Chicken Sandwich, they have sweet tea, the only problem is that they don't do it as well.  Their sweet tea isn't bad though.  I would actually say that it is almost better than Chick-Fil-A if it was consistent.    But it comes up different almost every time - and getting refills can be difficult at certain locations.  Some are on a beverage bar, while others you have to go to the counter, making it more challenging.  Otherwise, they do have promise.

Terrible service. The staff ignore you. They are so slow. By the time you get your food it's cold. Many mistakes on the orders.  Very dirty inside the restaurant. AVOID!!!

I was served by a girl named Nadine. She was very polite and extremely beautiful.  She also smiled a lot and was working hard. A great employee!

The location is medium sized restaurant. I have used both inside service and drive through and the customer service has been good and quite fast.  Parking is not a problem as its part of a plaza.

I stop by here frequently when I am on my way to work for breakfast. The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But I will say that I have had more free meals here due to them comping me for all messed up orders.   The staff is friendly.

This is the place that is close to my house so I go here all the time. They are usually pretty good and they definitely got better. The orders come out pretty fast and the employers are nice

I ordered a filet of fish here once.  About 10 minutes after eating it I was showing signs of Ebola. I was vomiting profusely and my butt couldn't stop squirting some sort of mixture of bile/coca cola/french fry/ketchup juice.  I called for help but everyone ran away is horror.  After awhile a bunch a guys in biological suits showed up and locked me in a incubation coffin thing.  A few hours later a baby Ronald McDonald broke through my stomach breaking through the coffin and killing everyone outside.  I somehow crawled out and was rescued by an old southern man who smelled of chicken.  Everyone called him colonel and his people sewed me back up and then threw me out a van in some remote region of Pittsburgh.  Through all this my phone was still in my pocket with just enough juice to order a Uber ride home.  Through this whole experience I can never eat at another McDonald's again and fear all the Ronald McDonald statues I see.

My orders have come out bad pretty much every time I have ordered from here. The chicken nuggets come out under par. I'm lucky if the fries come out right. My last experience is the last straw. I recently posted a photo of my Chicken Ranch Club. That has no chicken. This is ridiculous. I am done going to this Mcd's.

This is the McDonald's to end all McDonald's, in my book. Here's why:  ~ The Drive-Thru is crazy fast. ~ There are 2 Drive-Thru lanes to keep it crazy fast. ~ Even when they have to make my dog's special no-onion cheeseburger, they are crazy fast. ~ For years, they gave my family's dog Jamie free baby ice cream cones. Jamie didn't need many moments of excitement to be happy, but 'go for ride' was one of them, and 'ice cream time' was another. ~ The drive-thru staff is so sweet to my little pup Lucy when I take her to 'cheeseburger window'.  So, I guess what I'm saying is, this is the best McDonald's for dogs and their parents. And as someone who generally only visits McDonald's to reward my dog for good behavior after a vet visit, this McDonald's is just right.

Great convenient drive thru stop for coffee.  Double ordering stations minimize the wait time for your order.  Service is always pleasant and reliable.    I noticed that the dining room looks spacious and they have  an indoor play area for children.

Kalte Pommes und unfreundliche Bedienung. Lange nicht mehr so schlecht bei einem Mc Donalds gegessen!

Also ich kann die ganz schlechten Bewertungen hier nicht ganz bestätigen, obwohl ich sehr oft hier bin, vielleicht bin ich aber auch nicht kritisch genugAls erstes mal die Kritik: der McDrive ist langsam und man wartet lange, nachts steht man auch innendrin Ewigkeiten an und die Mitarbeiter sind nicht die Freundlichsten. Jetzt zum Positiven: das Restaurant ist schön eingerichtet, bietet viel Platz und vor allem chillige Sofas und Sitzecken. Ein McCafé ist vorhanden und eine Refill-Station gibt es auch. Über die Qualität des Essens kann ich mich nicht beklagen, da es gewohnte McDonalds Qualität ist und ob die nun gut ist oder nicht, darüber kann man streiten. Fest steht wer nachts noch Lust auf einen Snack hat ist hier richtig, denn der McDonalds Filderstadt hat 24 Stunden lang offen!

Wir benutzen immer den McDrive. In der Regek fehlt immer was. Sofort nachsehen ob alles da ist. Ach ja, wenn man am nächsten Tag hingeht und sich beschwert, kommt man das vergessene umsonst. Keine Sorge dafür fehlt wieder was in der aktuellen Bestellung. Entweder sind die zu dumm oder bösartig oder man soll jeden Tag wiederkommen. Abends ab zehn Uhr ist das Essen oft nicht frisch. Die Hamburger sind furztrocken.

Geht so.. Die Besuche erfolgen meist nachts. Beim Benutzen des Drive ins fehlt leider immer was bzw. die Bestellung wurde mal wieder falsch aufgenommen, leider nie zum Vorteil des Kunden. Der Service im Restaurant: Dazu kann ich nur sagen, dass trotz maximalem Andrang nur eine Kasse geöffnet ist. Auch nicht gerade ideal..  Von der Freundlichkeit her kann ich nicht meckern, die Leute sind echt ok. Ebenso finde ich nicht, dass man an der Qualität der Speisen meckern kann.

kann nicht klagen  mc donald wie alle anderen mc's  gehe mindestens einmal im Monat mit der familiy und hatte noch nie Bauchschmerzen . toll finde ich das mc caffee  auch die aktuelle Tagespresse liegt immer aus  außerdem kann man so viel Getränke nachschenken wie man will  das gibt es nicht in jedem mc

Ganz schlecht,überhaupt nicht zum empfehlen. Das Personal ist sehr komisch das Essen liegt immer ewig und ist meisten kalt oder ungenießbar!

Ich kann die schlechten Bewertungen dieses McDonalds Restaurants in Filderstadt absolut bestätigen. Letzten Samstag habe ich mal wieder einen kalten Burger reklamiert und der Filialleiter wurde gleich unangemessen laut. Der 10 Minuten (!) später an den Tisch gelieferte Burger war auf den ersten Blick schön warm, aber das Fleisch war unten angekohlt und oben hat jemand drauf gespuckt! McDonalds Deutschland sieht keine Notwendigkeit einer Entschuldigung, da es sich in Filderstadt um einen unabhängigen Franchise-Partner von McDonalds handelt. Dass der Laden den Ruf von McDonalds weiter verschlechtert scheint auch nicht zu interessieren. Schade!

Der McDrive-Service ist schon ziemlich schlecht. Es ist mir schon zum zweiten mal passiert, dass anstelle des von mir bestellten Burgers ein anderer in der Tüte war. Man wartet an der Sprechsäule zum Bestellen u. U. ewig, ohne Benachrichtigung. Einen Kassenzettel bekommt man auch nur auf Anfrage. Die obligatorische Frage nach Ketchup oder Mayo wird auch erst gar nicht gestellt und es ist Zufall ob bzw. was man dann bekommt. Das McDrive-Personal scheint mir mir dem Job komplett überfordert zu sein. Die Qualität der Burger schwankt darüberhinaus erheblich.

schöner mcdnalds und sauber mit fast immer freundlichem personal!:) da er 24h offen hat ist es kein problem auch mal nachts um 2 mit seinem freund hinzufahren um ein eis zu essen ;) ich hab auch noch nie schlechte erfahrungen gemacht mit schlechten burgern oder so..nur sie haben eindeutig zu wenig parkplätze aber sonst bin ich rundum zufrieden ;)

Came here just to use the internet.  Internet here sucks!  They made our ice cream badly and we asked for a new one.  He saw us on our computers and looked over and laughed just as the internet went out.

Die Beiträge hier kann ich so alles nicht nachvollziehen. Wobei natürlich alles mit dem Persional steht und fällt.  Die Bedieung war ausgesprochen nett. Die Burger und die Pommes warm und gut belegt. Trotz den warmen (heißen) Abend mit viel Betrieb waren alle recht freundlich. Auch die Sauberkeit ist i.O. Free Refill ist natürlich genial. Ich verstehe nicht, warum es kein Verzeichnis gibt dazu, Ich kann nicht meckern und würd auch wiederkommen.

würde es KEINEN Stern geben hätte ich KEINEN Stern für dieses unterirdsich schlechte Restaurant vergeben!! Ich bin schon Jahrelanger Kunde von der Filiale in Filderstadt  Bernhausen jedoch wird es mit dieser Filiale immer schlimmer! Es gibt keinerlei motiviertes Personal und JEDE Bestellung im Drive IN ist fehlerhaft! Den ABSCHUSS brachte einer der Mitarbeiter, Ich wurde wegen eines Gutscheins zu einer anderen Filiale geschickt. O-Ton Wir machen nicht Gutschein, gehen Sie andere Mc Donalds, dort geht Gutschein FRECHTHEIT! Ich werde diese Filiale nun für immer meiden und den nur 3 KM entfernten FLUGHAFEN Mc Donalds besuchen, dort habe ich bis jetzt nur FREUNDLICHES Personal erlebt und bisher war nur bei einer Bestellung von vielen, am Drive In, etwas falsch. Grüße

Der übelste McD in dem ich bisher war. Personal ist überfordert, die Burger schmecken nicht, sind kalt oder verkohlt. Nie wieder!!!

Ein durschnittlicher Mac. Bietet einen Mac Café Bereich und einen Drive In. Ist durchschnittlich sauber und das Personal ist durchschnittlich freundlich. Mehr kann ich dazu nicht berichten.

Flat-Rate-Trinken ist echt super, auch wenn die Getränke  vor allem Cola und Fanta  sehr wässrig sind.  Wie schon von anderen beschrieben sind die Burger sehr trocken: es fehlt an Katchup und auf dem Cheesburger ist nur ein miggriges Gürkchen! Am meisten stört mich die kümmerliche Kinderportion beim Eis  egal ob McFlurry oder McSundaes. Ich bin hier jede Woche mehrmals und das wird nicht besser! In Metzingen und Stuttgart sind das richtige große Portionen! Team ist größtenteils  vor allem die Männer  unfreundlich!

Der schlechteste Mc Donalds in dem ich bisher war! Wir waren zu viert dort und komischer weise hatten alle nach dem Besuch beim Mc Donalds Bauchschmerzen bis gar zu Bauchkrämpfen!!!    Also wenn ihr schon dort sein und Lust auf einen Burger verspürt, dann fahrt lieber ein paar Kilometer weiter nach Ostfildern, denn da kann man noch bedenkenlos essen.

This McDonalds gets lots of $$$ off my friend and I, for good reason too. Freshly made burgers, fast paced environment. We get served right away either from drive thru or going inside. Never have to wait that long, food is always cooked new, nothing is ever soggy or weird tasting and it helps knowing my friend lives so close by. Drive thru is open 24 hours :) and few new items on the menu right now are the creme brûlée mcflurry ( tastes like the Starbucks creme brûlée frap) shamrock smoothie(it's thick, minty and green)  and double filet o fish ( 2 pieces of fish filets in one burger, omg yay because I never feel full from just one of these so I hope it stick around.  My friend got the McChicken burger combo with fries and medium sized Fruitopia drink and I got the Filet o fish combo with fries as well but I got the medium sized Coca Cola. We tried to make it restaurant like and got dessert too in the end haha, we both tried the new McFlurry Creme Brulee, it tasted really good but we struggled to finish it because we were so full.  Total Bill was below $20

Love this McDonald's as it has a 24-hour drive thru!  After having gone to Bar 244, and Smoke's Poutinerie, the best friend and I needed something sweet to top it off and were craving McDonald's Ice Cream. Thank you for having a 24 hour drive thru to satisfy our cravings!

Well the free coffee got me in there. Simply to say that the coffee is good. I could not get myself to order anything else. Nothing appealed to me. But the Java was good, in fact better than Second Cup or Tim Horton's. Not the same atmosphere but better tasting and the sipping cover is a of a unique design.  All in all for free coffee (available until March 14th) a good deal.

If you like dry rubbery meat, sparse toppings, soggy old fries and burnt coffee then you're in luck! This is the place for you.   Breaking away from the tradition of other McDonald's this location spits in the face of what people consider edible food and takes their own special spin on all your favorites! So get some pepto bismol ready and buckle up for a failure of a meal!

Hola, Bienvenido a McDonald's.  This is the absolute WORST McDonald's that I have EVER been to in my LIFE!   First off, the health grade never seems to be better than a 94 (http://mecklenburg.digitalhealthdepartment.com/facilities.cfm?facilityID=316649.)  Don't even bother ordering anything that will differ from the way the employees are trained to make it - forget about extra pickles, hold the onions, no ketchup, add mustard - it WILL NOT HAPPEN AT THIS MCDONALD'S!!!  One day, a man ahead of me at the counter simply wanted a PLAIN cheeseburger - JUST CHEESE AND MEAT!  He sent it back 2 times because they kept making it wrong.  Really?  Bread, cheese, meat - that's it.  How hard can it be??  When my simple little ole iced coffee came out wrong (after they had overcharged for it!) that same man smiled at me and said Good luck with THAT!   As for the drive-thru?  I've had to jump out of it too many times to count because after I had placed my order at the speaker, we never seemed to move along.  If the car at the pick-up window is waiting on something that is taking an extra long time, YOU will have to wait also.  They don't have that car pull out of line for an employee to bring them their item(s) when ready.  OH NO!!!   EVERYBODY in line has to wait!!     Don't bother calling any 800 # about this McDonald's - it's useless.  One would think that the owner of this location would be more proactive in making it a better McDonald's, but after more than 6 years of the same kind of service (or lack thereof!)  I guess not.  The only reason I ever went to this location was because it is close to my work, and options are pretty limited.  But now?  I can't even go back because it's such a waste of time & money.

You're not going here because you want a bite to eat, you're going here bc you are waiting for someone to pick up at the airport or just dropped someone off in the morning and are craving an Egg McMuffin.  My case is the latter.  Slow service, perhaps due to shift change or morning rush (at 630AM).  I waited in drive-thru at the ordering part, and it took them 8 minutes to take my order.  They forgot a package of salsa they asked me to choose one.  And those sheisty folks at McD put ice in my orange juice--like half a cup of ice.  Haven't been inside so I have no idea.  dmo out.

most dysfunctional team I have ever seen at McDonald.  Plus an overflowing urinal. Don't go here

I honestly wish I can give this place no stars. Okay, okay. It's a mcdonalds, nothing to rave about but the fact that they have the *excuse my language* SHITTEST customer service erks me. I use to go here often because I went to CPCC harris campus. 8/10 times they would get my order wrong somehow but that's not the point. The thing that annoys me is how one worker tried to blame ME for the wrong order. Seriously.. this mcdonalds needs to get their shit together.

We only went through the drive-thru and the service was pretty quick with not many cars to serve. My breakfast burritos had hard corners like were bad or cooked to long. They were also folded kind of weird, like all four corners under instead of bottom, left, and right, and like some effort was actually put into them. It's also kind of shabby they offer water at the same price and a regular drink. I'm not looking for free, but at least half the price of drink that have to be ordered and delivered. We are talking about water here, simply water. The ice coffees on the other hand were at least made with a generous amount of flavor. The were yummy and definitely worth my dollar. The staff should also work on communication, instead seemed a bit aggressive and not very personable.

The ice cream machine is Always broken after 9pm AMAZING, this is 6 out of 6 attempts AMAZING.  This is at the McDonald's at the entrance to the airport, really the Ice-cream machine is Always broken after 9?

What a pleasant surprise!  Came in to a VERY clean store,  and the cashier was not only polite, she was actually NICE!  My order was taken quickly, my food came quickly and the whole experience was an exercise in what fast food is supposed to be!   Whoever is responsible for keeping this store up (whether it's an independent store or not) should have the other McDonald's trainees come here to learn how to be exemplary employees with whom customers actually enjoy interacting!    Freshly made food served fast, lovely personnel, and a clean store make this a fast food 'restaurant' worth visiting.  Thank you so much for restoring my faith in other branches of customer service staff, and thanks for making my breakfast - it was right on time, even with the crowd of a quincanera in the house!   W00T!!

We pull up to the drive thru of the McDonalds that's open 24 hours and wait five plus minutes because they were having a shift change and then they tell us it's cash only and then they tell us the have no quarter pounder beef! Crazy. We should have gone to Wendy's across the street. But don't worry about me I'm just hangry over here.

So dirty I decided I could not eat here. Women's restroom had puddle of urine on floor in stall 1; an unflushed, full toilet in stall 2. I'll leave the odor to your imagination. I informed employee at counter of the mess, but I'm a little doubtful she cared.

Unfortunately I found this McDonald's in need of a good cleaning.  Everywhere I looked, it needed washed down with clean soapy water and debris washed off all vertical fixtures. No one smiled, and my coffee order was messed up.   On the positive side, it was fairly quick. But no one seemed happy or to be taking pride in their work.

I work nights so I typically will find this place convenient.  I'll avoid this McDonald's at night.  Ice cream machine is always broken in the evening/late night so no milkshakes.  ALWAYS BROKEN.  They seem to have some of the slowest service too.  The cashier is fast though.  They're cheap in the fries.  I don't expect overflowing but at least fill the container with the normal amount.  If I wanted a small fries I would have asked for that.  Don't come here between 330am and 430am because their system has to come down for maintenance.  They only take cash and I don't trust them enough to provide the right price.

I have seen better and I can't say that I've seen worse. This is a very small McD's with only a few tables inside and a couple outside. Watching the crew for a bit, they seemed to be taking quite a while to get orders together and get people out the door. I wouldn't recommend this one if you're in a rush.  It has the usual stuff of McDonald's - a Coke fountain, ice tea urns and napkin dispensers but ketchup only in packets. Credit card machines have the touchless sensors if your card supports that.  On the plus side, the dining room is open 24 hours and they have three power outlets next to bolted-down tables and chairs. The wifi works well and the parking lot is well lit. There is a TV but it wasn't on when I was here.

Of course I got in line behind someone who wanted a detailed explanation of the price difference between a la carte or a meal. Believe it or not, the supervisor noticed the line forming behind me and had another cashier open her register.  The coffee was hot, if only I had checked he bag before I left to see if the creamers I asked for where in there, all would have been good.  As mentioned by others, this location is right by the airport.

Overview: This McDonald's is the closest McDonald's to the Charlotte Douglas Airport and the most convenient fast-food restaurant (tied with Wendy's next door) to eat or wait before or after an airport pickup. It offers both drive-through and dine-in options, and prepares your food faster than you can count the change to pay for your meal.  The Establishment: This McDonald's does not have a playpen but is very clean and has plenty of seating. I have never had to wait for a table, and the lines move very quickly. Good amount of parking, and close to a streetlight for easy an easy exit to back to the airport.  The Food: The same sloppy McDonald's assembly, but gosh I do love how the burgers taste. I always get some kind of burger variant (Big Mac, double-cheeseburger, etc) and I am never disappointed. The quality control between individual McDonald's chains makes it a safe bet if you actually enjoy McDonald's food. Pricing is on-par with other North Carolina McDonalds' and cheaper than anything you can find at the airport.  The Service: Slightly disgruntled looking employees but that food comes out so darn fast it doesn't matter.  Overview: This McDonald's is clean, in a great location close to the CLT airport, and has good prices. While my aunt was sad that they don't have regional specials like the double-jalapeno cheeseburger, I cannot fault McDonald's for their taste. It's processed flour, ultra-processed meat, and high starch goodness.

I would never review a McDonald's normally, but I have to review this one because its so disgusting. Every single time I go its dirty, every time. Tables, benches, whatever it is, dirty. The food is usually below average and the workers barely speak English. Go somewhere else (PLEASE!!) instead and skip this place.

The Positives:  if you are parked in the lot you can enjoy watching planes take off and land  The Negatives: Slow Drive Thru Line                           Incorrect Order as mine was                           The redneck woman in the car behind me honking, as if that would make                           the worker go faster - he probably couldn't even hear her, but I could                           Tea so sweet you have to wait for the ice to melt                           Sorry my spacing is so weird

I'm at the airport 2 to 3 times a week. Mickey D' s is a great place to wait for arrivals. They understand if you're going to chill for awhile. Free WI Fi and free refills. When you get the call. 60 seconds to baggage claim.

Because I was on first light standby, I got to the breakfast counter as soon as it opened.  I counted four employees, and two customers, and another couple of customers arriving before I left this splendid eatery.  The cashier took my order and my money, then told my order to the prep people who slumped only a couple of feet away from her.  I waited.  And waited.    The alleged biscuit on my breakfast sandwich was probably yesterday's version of a croissant,  Soggy, flat, gooey.  Yuk.  While I was examining this mess, the prep employee told the poor Eastern European guy who was struggling with English that there ain't no bar-ree-toes wadja want?  yikes.  Even repeating it wasn't going to help the visitor (or me) to understand that advice.  The visitor was a lot more nimble than I would have been in his position.  He glanced up at the menu board and defaulted to another combo number.  Doubt he even knew what would be handed to him. What I doubted even more was the situation. A cashier at the start of business doesn't know that there are menu items missing from the kitchen.  Then she continues to take money from arriving customers for the missing Bar-ree-toes.    I just don't have much of an appetite for that kind of weirdness at any time of day.

Nice and new! So far this McDonalds is off to a great start! No complaints! I will have to come back soon for another visit to see if they are keeping up the good work.

Has 2 drive thru but still slow on occasion.  I don't eat the food but when I go to one of these places for coffee I expect it quickly.  Last time I went they didn't even have large cups so the gave me a small and a medium.  I don't even drink a whole large coffee it just seems like they hold their heat a little longer.

I usually skip the drive thru and go inside. Today a young lady named Aziona greeted me with one of the nicest smiles I've ever seen, she was awesome!

Woke up this morning with Mickey D's on my soul. Get to my destination ordered Mcgriddle and small OJ, nothing to heavy. My mouth was all set and ready to eat my food, then I noticed in my OJ there was a black floating substance in my OJ. I called several times nobody answered, it asked me to enter my access code. So now I'm a little pist because it seems like every time I visit this location there is something wrong with my order. As much as I love McDonald's, I must say over the years it has gotten very sloppy when it comes to quality of their food. I've brought a few of my issues to 1 of the managers at this location and yes he was very helpful but, at this point I know things happen but this is becoming something on a regular basis. I have never been the type to complain about any local business but, I think I will start. Thank you for reading. Have a great day!

What's the point in having two drive thru's if only one is in use on a Saturday afternoon. Only place this has done right is the cute blonde who works nights. Only reason this place gets three stars

This is probably the second best mcdonalds I've been in, first is the fancy one at the Biltmore.  It's new so you don't have the facilities issues others have, the staff is very friendly and I've never had to wait long for any order.  If you come during peak rush hours it may be different but that's on you.  Only complaint is that it's still a mcdonalds, it's convenient not good and the sodium levels are nuts.

So I just felt like some fries nice golden crunchy fries and soft on the inside, I went through the drive thru ended up waiting for 5 minutes for my large fries. The worst part of it all, was that my fries were like bottom of the bag and lukewarm, it was terrible. I will next time I want fries I will grab potatoes and make them myself.

The employees are very nice and I'm greeted with a smile at every transaction. My order is right 99% of the time and unless if you go at 1am, meals are prepared quickly

Slowest McDonald's I've ever been to. Went here after a night out with friends, only 3 cars in front of us in the drive through, and it took 35 (THIRTY-FIVE) minutes to get our food.

Wow now I remember why its been six months since I went to McDonald's we good to see this brand die.

I ask for heavy extra toppings and I get heavy extra toppings.  How great is that?  It is as great as you are going to get from McDonald's.  I only ever get drive through so the inside cleanliness isn't something I can say either way.  It is a McDonald's, how much more is there to say?

Order one meal and an extra drink and fry still didn't get our drink or fry because the cashier couldn't understand anything so she charged us again for another fry and drink. Horrible rude service

Nothing to complain about here.  Quick service and the order was correct. A typical McDonalds and it was fairly clean.

The service is SO SLOW here. Every single time I've ever been to a this McDonald's the service was awful. I stopped eating at McDonald's for like an entire year because of this place.

I hate McDonalds.... it's gross. But my boy LOVES a happy meal as a special treat so when he screamed out that he had to use the bathroom 6 hours into a road trip, I looked for the Golden Arches as a special place FOR HIM to stop.....  we quickly ran in but the bathroom was closed, being cleaned. Brian, the employee kindly understood the urgency and allowed us to use the restroom. He was very respectful and professional..... I appreciated his kindness very much! Thank you Brian for wonderful customer service. You made a difference in my day!

This McDonalds is not worth going to. Not only do they get your order wrong 50% of the time, they serve it to you with an attitude. All the employees seem miserable. I was behind the owner/manager of the store one time in the drive thru and he was openly berating the drive thru employees about their attitudes. And yet he himself was acting horrible and held up the line for all of us trying to get our food. I had to send mine back because it was cold by the time he finally left.   Also, why would I choose to go here when they give you one measly sauce packet and make you pay for any extras when I can go right across the street and get as many as I need from Chick?   I really wish I could write a better review and go to this place but I just don't want to support a restaurant like this. Save your money and go to any of the other fast food places nearby.

Pretty solid McDonalds. Always a good deal here when I'm craving fast food.   Minus 1 star because they can be slow at times.  My order is always accurate and I've never had an incorrect order. Staff is always friendly and polite.   The inside is very clean and roomy.  Basically, it's a McDonalds so there's not too much else to say.

Slowest McDonalds I ever been to, to be honest. No matter what time of the day, busy or not. Takes 15 minutes for 2 mcdoubles and the workers always seem to he doing something else at the weirdest time no matter when I come. The late morning is fast but any other time, expect to wait.

Very nice staff, cleaned off a table for me and helped carry my food to the table since my hands were full with kids. Patient while I ordered and waited on my 4 yr old to decide what he wanted. Looks like some recent upgrades to the drink station and lobby. Play area is good with things for older one and just enough of an area to keep my non-walking 1 yr old entertained too.

It's just like all McDonald's but why did I give it 4 stars?  Because I've never had a problem at this place.  This McDonald's is clean, neat and friendly.  Even the playroom is nice.  When they happen to get my order wrong, they right it fast and apologize nicely.  They even ask if we'd rather keep the wrong item since they have to throw it out anyways.  I LOVE this McDonald's!!!

Make sure you ask for napkins at the drive thru!!!  The morons working the window haven't figured out that drive thru customers might want napkins with their order yet.

Terrible service 3 people standing around while I waited for a sundae trash overflowing in kids area and gnats and fly's all over

13 minutes in the drive-thru, unacceptable. Having to repeat my order 3 times, unacceptable.   These people think they deserve $12/hr?? Lmao, shouldn't even be making minimum wage.

Another busy fast food restaurant on the Streetsboro strip. Clean location, friendly service.  Has an indoor playground.  OK choice if you need your McD fix.

They offer semi truck parking. But don't expect to order thru the drive thru after the lobby is closed. They don't serve walk ups. Guess they need to think about the drive thru height to accommodate us truck drivers. Zero stars if it was a option

The food was predictable, not bad. The older woman working the counter was as nasty as she could be. No name tag, of course, but I will submit a comment on the corporate website. I realize it's a fast food place, but that level of rudeness is uncalled for. Sheesh.

I love how they redecorated this McDonalds. Looks so modern. N I like how it's like more like a lounge now with the comfy chairs n flat screen tvs. Definitely a lot cooler than most fast food restaurants

Update: the remodel makes this fast food place a much hipper experience. The play area is the same but theres a different seating setup. They also have tvs now. 4 stars.

Didn't realize I already left a horrible review! One horrible review deserves another, I suppose! Waiting in the longest drive thru line and finally get to the window to pay. The girl is still pretty occupied trying to get other people's orders in, so I wait. She runs my order through me and I tell her I wanted a large fry instead of the medium she put. She corrected it and gave me my new total. While she's doing this, I can hear people yelling at her about the way she put an order in. She explains back that that was the only way she knew how to put it in. Seems like once they knew the order, they should've left it at that instead of still berating her for it. The wait to the second window was even longer. Seems like the hold up was that they didn't have enough people working. I finally am getting my food and I tell my son to check it. The medium fries I had changed to large were still medium, despite the changes being made. I point it out to FLOWER and she gives me attitude right off the bat. She tells me that is not what I ordered and that I was charged for a medium. I showed her my receipt and apparently ordering a medium Sprite means I get a medium fry...??? I told her I've been waiting in this long line for over 10 f***ing minutes and she tells me not to cuss at her and in front of my son. I was emphasizing how long my wait was but she obviously wanted to make it a bigger issue and threatened to call the cops on me. Then she takes my fries and refuses to give them back. I told her I didn't want the large if according to her I didn't pay for it and all she was going to do was spit in them. Cussing back and forth between me and FLOWER ensued. She did not appear to care about her cussing in front of my kid, guess it's just when I do it for emphasis. She, obviously, cannot handle the pressure of a busy establishment. I suppose working grave yard at a McDonald's is a step up from the call center she must've been at.

I wouldn't even bother to go to this location except it's the closest to my house.  Every time I go thru the drive thru, customer service is lacking and the order is ALWAYS WRONG!!! I always feel like the order takers are robotic and the dislike they have for doing their job comes out in their monotoned voices. Today, I asked if they still had a particular item and was told they did.  Come to find out at the payment window, they no longer carry the item (which disappointed my daughter). And every time I pull up to the 2nd window to get my order, I feel rushed by the rude person at the window. And when I open the bags to double check if the items are correct, I feel like they're rolling their eyes and wishing for me to just pull away. Although I'd check to see if all items are in the bags, the orders are still wrong.  They're either missing the right sauces, the correct toys (if they're going to just throw whatever in the happy meal or kids meal then just don't even bother to ask for boy or girl) and I'd ask for certain things not be put on my order such as tomato and what do I find when I get home..a stale looking tomato!!   If these people are soooo hating their jobs, then leave! I'm sure there are more appreciative people out there needing jobs that don't mind working at a fast food. They should take customer service lessons from the drive thru personnel at Taco Bell on Warm Springs and Stephanie. Every time I go there, they're always pleasant, cheerful and friendly.

Very modern design. Play area is great for older kids, very dirty though. Bathroom was filthy...urine on each toilet and the floor. No toilet paper. It was very crowded at 4pm.  Service was good and food fresh.

I had a bad experice with this place not wanting to make me breakfast at 1 pm, but since I've been back they are pretty good. The drive through lady is very friendly usually, that goes a long way with me.

First let me say stay away PLEASE STAY AWAY!. This location had a gentle man that worked there bring out my food the same gentleman that was emptying the trash brought out my full with the same gloves he was emptying the trash with I told the manager about it he offered to remake my food I don't think that was going to cut it so I call corporate and was hoping corporate was going to call me back and I did not receive any call they need to be looked into this location the health department should look into them you cannot have a gentleman that's empty your trash and sweeping your parking lot bring out a customer's food with the same glass but he just got through cleaning up with and he wasn't a gentleman fault he was a older guy it wasn't his fault at all he's only doing what he's toldbut for someone to manage this location and they have overstaffed to have this happen it is is unexplainable worst location ever thanks McDonald's

Two stars: The place was disgusting or had ever gotten ill from it then I would give it one star. My problem is with the atrocious level of service. Granted, this is McDonald's but I would think that the franchisee with a reputation to maintain would make sure that its employees made some sort of effort.  The staff of mostly teenagers definitely do not deserve $15 an hour.if they're trying their best then this is a bad indicator of where America's newest generation of adults is headed. First, how about not make me wait 30 seconds drive-through speaker. And then when I finish ordering after I say thank you, 'Yup' is not the correct answer. It might be nice if the fries were consistently salted too. I didn't realize that I had to ask for things like straws and napkins. And to McDonald's Corp. or the franchising directly: don't charge me for extra McNugget sauces -- it's not like you're holding gold in those little square packages.

Just thought I'd share but you guys absolutely lost my business after the consecutive Order mix ups. I used to come by here for my coffee in the mornings and breakfast but due to the almost daily order issues I will now say that I have found my new coffee breakfast stop and it's sure not here. LETS GET IT TOGETHER!

It got remodeled so it looks nice. Too bad I can't say the same about the drive thru staff. I swear, they are always in such a rush that they screw up your order 70% of the time. It's annoying to repeat your order three times and they still screw it up. Can you guys slow the heck down enough to actually listen and pay attention please?

This McDonalds both looks classy, and the employees seem to be upbeat and good at their jobs. I've never had a poor experience here, and will continue to visit this location in the future.

Just went to their drive thru to get my son a happy email and my wife a Coke. It was an easy order, a happy meal with an additional large Coke. When I got home and opened the happy meal there was no fries....no fries. I called and asked to speak with the manager. He was barely audible and when I told him what happened there was total silence on the other end of the phone. I had to retell my story three times. There was no apology, however, he asked me if I wanted to come back and get my fries. I told him no. Terrible customer service. I guess when I go to McDonalds I not only have to pay for the food, but also provide quality assurance to make sure I get my full order.

Several pet peeves here that dropped this down from an almost 4 star rating, to a solid 2 star. The biggest peeve BY FAR is charging 50 cents on a dollar McDouble for extra onions. That's right, those dehydrated/reconstituted things they pass as onion? 50 cents. You can buy a whole sandwich for 99 cents, but ask for a bigger handful onion and it's another 50 cents! Same thing for Mac sauce. Yesterday's Big Mac was juicy and tasteful, today it's dry and brittle. Ask for extra Mac Sauce and it's 50 cents.  By the time you leave the drive through you could easily pay $2 dollars or more in upsells. From onion, to Mac sauce, to pickles... this location is upsell after upsell after upsell. If the extras are so valuable, why don't I get a markdown when I order a McDouble with NO ONION for my dog?  2 months ago I went in and ordered some oatmeal cookies. The display case clearly had enough to fill my order but 5 minutes later I reasoned that they were baking up some fresh (which they have done from time to time when they are sold out). 10 minutes later I ask what's going on and the cashier says Oh, here they are and proceeds to pull them old ones from the display case. In those 10 minutes they could have made fresh and with that kind of delay, it's what I expected. I refused the old cookies and asked for fresh. The black manager girl refused and said to take the old ones and that's it. When I refused, she began to issue a refund. I walked out without my money and without the cookies. It simply wasn't worth it. Ghetto attitude, ghetto people will deliver ghetto service.

This McDonald's is clean, has great customer service, and has a nice atmosphere. They are very welcoming to studying and families.   It is still just a McDonald's and I don't like that the PlayPlace has two entrances but overall this is a great McDonald's that meets all of its goals.

This has got some of the laziest, most disrespectful employees I've ever encountered in my whole life. The drive thru employee was rushing us to order. Mind you it was late at night, so there were no other customers. The person on the intercom was so rude that I just couldn't order food from them, because I didn't trust them. I mean if that's how they treat customers over the intercom, how do they prepare the food? I wasn't about to eat food prepared by someone who can't even treat others with a tiny dash of respect. Fortunately, when we informed the manager Lisa, she was apologetic about it, and assured us that she'd take care of it. She asked us who the employee was, and told us that the employees knew she didn't tolerate stuff like that. She also offered us to come back and order, but by that time we had already ordered at Burger King.

This used to be my go to mc donalds for 1$ large drink always on-the-go it works ya know ! But the drive through staff is terrible ! They're rude they rush you to order... on their phone playing music ! Like this is your job not the kick it spot ! I feel uncomfortable after receiving my food like they could've tampered with it because they're all kids...definitely gonna find a new mc donalds...someone needs to get in there and fix these things .ASAP thanks.

Everytime I come here, service is great, food is hot and fresh and the beverages they offer are excellent depending on what beverage you choose as long as it is in their menu.  There is always someone cleaning the dining and restroom areas which is always a good thing

If you have an option to go to a different Mc Ds, do it, I have given this location several tries. A few months back Mc Ds as a whole changed the amount of syrup they put in the iced coffees...ok, so I now ALWAYS order extra syrup which they charge me $.50 for at this location (most other coffee places don't do this) ok, charge me $.50 BUT if you do then you may actually want to give me what I've PAID for. I've made a habit when I go here to check, today I made the mistake not to because I was in a hurry & guess what, no extra syrup. This has happened more times than not. I will go out of my way to get my iced coffee w/ extra syrup at another location where they only charge $.30 & they get my order right more often than not.

This McDonald's has the best customer service. I am always impressed with the friendliness of the staff. Usually I use the drive through but today I went inside. When the manager realized I was waiting in line, she asked another employee to hop on another register to help me.   Rarely will you find this kind of staff in a fast food environment. I wish more retail businesses operated and treated their customers as well as this McDonald's.

I usually enjoy coming to this location. It's remodeled nicely and I like dining in on the rare occasion that I decide to go to McDonalds. I was very disappointed with their drive through staff. While I did want a quick breakfast, I would have preferred that they slowed down at least a tad bit to actually hear my order and fill it correctly. I felt rushed and like the staff really didn't care to help me out. When I ordered my breakfast sandwich I clearly said I wanted sausage egg and cheese later to find out I only got sausage. I found it weird that they didn't hear me but when my boyfriend turned to me and asked if that was it they heard him thinking he said that that was all and told us our total and rushed us on to the pay window. NY boyfriend didn't even get a chance to order a drink and I would have held them up to keep our order going but I just didn't have the patience at the moment.   I'd just suggest to the drive in staff to be more polite and take their time to make sure they are getting customers what they'd like. From what I've learned in the food industry communication is essential for customer satisfaction. That's something this location appears to need work on.

I only ordered the ice cream and it wasn't made right. It was smaller than any other I've ever had all across the US.

My fave McDonald's location to date. Two drive thru lanes outside. It's next to Target & Ross, which could be one's next spot after eating. The inside is always clean and there are lounge areas along the interior of the place. It's like a Cafe lounge place. I love eating the Sundae cone dipped in chocolate and I come here for that and I lounge and relax & people watch. I have not seen any homeless folks come to panhandle, which is great & the service is fast. They are open 24 hours so anytime I cannot sleep I come and chill here either drinking sweet tea or eating the dipped Sundae cone. They also have flat screen televisions so the patrons can watch television should they choose to.

I try to avoid this McDonald's drive thru usually. I understand it's busy but I've been sitting here for 12 mins waiting to just order. The car that got here after me has already left with their food plus 3 behind him. Very irritating! This also happens alot here so make sure you go to the left in the drive thru. They also don't seem to care, I got an attitude with well sorry!

When your daughter wants a happy meal, you can't say no. The drive thru was attentive, accurate and the meal was fresh. Can't go wrong at McD's.

Ordered drive thru and it was pretty packed. My fries were not fresh and I asked for a mc flurry which they skimped me on smh and I asked for oatmeal cookies because I like to put them in my mc flurry and they gave me some old chocolate chip cookies instead. I won't be coming back

Yay oh Yay oh Yay!!!  I usually don't go to fast food restaurants; okay,,, I rarely go eat at a fast food joint.  However, with the breaking news that the McRib is back!!!  I had to go.  I have no idea why they only sell this once a year for only like 5-6 weeks!  Why oh why!???  My wife thought I was crazy, but I went and bought 8 of these puppies last night.... gave her one, I devoured two, and stuck the other 5 in the fridge for tomorrow's delight.  I guess I am one sick person... LOL....

OMG IM SO MAD. They ran out strawberry smoothies and gave me a strawberry shake instead but it was too sweet and nasty!!! Would not recommend! And my bf was mad too they ran out of mcribs!

It's a McDonalds, so I'm sure everyone knows what to expect here. They try to get you through as fast as they can with not much in the way of smiles or true customer service. I wish my kids didn't love Happy Meals so much, then I'd probably never eat here. But since they do, I'll snack on a Grilled Chicken Sandwich or just grab a Caramel Frappe. I have to say, this location seems to be consistently fast. The lines can really wrap around the building here, but I've never had to wait long at all. I like that, so three stars it is!

If I could give zero stars I would I got an iced coffee way too sweet and watered down way too to creamy just terrible and I went back to change it and I go the same things just sweeter I was on my way to work so I had no time to go back once again.

I come to this locations out of convenience because its closest to me. Everytime is the same thing. They take long to take your order at the drive thru or to even greet you. When taking the order sometimes its hard to hear them and they get their attitude when asked to repeat the question. Most of the time the cashier isn't even where he or she needs to be! (Completing transactions) I have to wait until their finished goofing off so they can come to the register . And also they take long giving the food. Overall worst service! Who ever is managing this Location need to get fired and they need a new staff.

This McDonald's recently got remodeled and it looks SWANKY now! Very modern decor inside and a 2 lane drive thru outside! They have a lounge area when you first walk in with leather couches and a huge flat screen tv on the wall. I guess to hang out and drink coffee?  The seating area has a variety of tables and chairs all modern/retro looking which I liked. The service inside is fast as well as in the drive thru. The food is.....well it's McDonald's you know what's it like :D

Thanks McDonalds on Stephanie, for your lack of support, in your community, you should take a few notes from the Green Valley McDonald's!

This location was remodeled, the most significant change is the drive thru (at least for me, since I only order through drive thru now). It now has two lanes, which from my experience, surprisingly has quick service. Besides that, nothing significantly different from other Mickey D's.

This place offers the nicest Play Place I've ever seen!  And the rest of it is clean, modern and cool, offering a welcome respite from the Summer heat - a worthy place to take the kids - even older tweens will enjoy it here.  I can't speak much of the food because the only thing we ever order here is a drink or a cone.    Minus 1 star for not offering more vegetarian fare.

This McDonald's looks super snazzy... It's one of those new ones with the double drive thru windows which has to come in handy at some point... Luckily, it wasn't too busy when we came through...    Honestly, McDonald's visits are mostly hit or miss for me...  Usually one item is hot, the other is lukewarm or sometimes even cold... Ugh.  This one was a hit... The nuggets* I ordered were nice and crispy... The fries were piping hot and not overly salted... The Happy Meal toy was a hit with my friend's kid, so there's that...    *Yeah, I know the nuggets are mechanically separated chicken like parts, but sometimes I like that sort of thing...  It just takes me back to days when I didn't have to pay bills and my only concern was making sure my toy was the one I wanted.

This is a new McDonald's with the new restaurant design.   When I arrived for lunch the parking lot was full but we lucked out in getting a parking place right away.  The restaurant is decorated very nice for a fast food place.  It doesn't look like your typical McDonald's.    Ordering was typical for a fast food place.  But this place was giving out free samples of strawberry lemonade and one of their coffee drinks.  Nice touch.  The strawberry lemonade was actually very good.  The food is typical of a McD's - oversalted fries and burgers that America loves.  This is also a good stopping place before or after a visit to Carowinds.  It seems Carowinds employees come here also as we saw two of them here.  My burger and fries cost me $2.81 at McD's.  It would have cost 3 times that at the park.

This particular McDonald's needs more staff on hand. This is a very busy place and it can take quite awhile no matter if you go inside or through the drive thru. When I got my mocha frappe there was chocolate dripping on the outside and they saw this. No napkin was given to me or was even wiped off before giving me the drink. This made for crap on my hands

They advertise 24 hours and it's 4:24A! He said they open at five and they start  opening 24 hours tomorrow! Smh

Ahhh what a disappointing Mickey-Dees! It's most unfortunate because it's going to be the one I will frequent for last minute breakfasts nowadays. It has the nice upgraded look but this is deceiving as the quality of service is pretty lame. The drive-thru is in their newer two lane layout but that doesn't seem to make a difference in speed of service as it would appear they have the same person taking orders for each lane.  If you decide to skip the lane and come inside you will be fairly unimpressed with the speed of service and cleanliness too. The one thing you can certainly rely on is that the food will taste the same as it does at every McDonald's out there.

This McDonald's needs some attention.  First opened it was great then the A team left and went drastically down hill.  The A team returned again a few years later then went back down hill once they left.  This place is dirty, employees are very rude, loud and obnoxious.  Time and time again they can never get my order right the first time.  Last visit the kid at the drive through argued with my wife about not receiving the correct size drink when it was clearly marked on the receipt.  Just yelled pull ahead and slammed the window shut.  Did the same thing to me prior visit.  Management needs to get a hold of this place and live up to the areas expectations of great service.

This MCDS screws up my order 95% of the time. Sometimes the food is wrong, sometimes they dont give me my whole order, but it happens majority of the times ive been..unfortunatly its cheap, fast and right around the corner...check your food before you leave. and if you get a smile while your there you must be special.

The workers are pretty surly and move like they are trapped in quicksand. Nothing's happening in a hurry here. In other words, it's a McDonalds.

Service here could be better. Temperament with some of the workers could be more pleasant as well instead of a negative attitude with a customer's customized order. I sensed a lot of irritability with one of the workers who was explaining to me how the orders are done, but she never answered my question. One of her coworkers chimed in and answered my question of how I should place my breakfast sandwich with no meat order in the future. Don't get mad or frustrated with the customers for asking questions about a restaurants' setup that only you the workers know about. I added the picture of my order too which doesn't look appetizing to me.

Stopped here on our way to Carolina Place Mall for a quick bite.  Service was slow, fries were cold and limp and food was slapped together.  It had been a long while since I last visited a McDonald's and I won't be going to another for a while.  I'd rather pay a little more and go to Five Guys or BT butger

Service here is so poor. It's in a very high traffic area and is very busy for that reason alone. I pulled in this AM and was the only car waiting to order, while I sat there a car pulled into the other order lane. Employee came over the speaker with their opening, would you like to order (insert menu item here) today?. I respond, no thank you. Silence.......... then I hear her help the other lane. She comes back to me and asks what I want, I give her the breakfast menu item #, more silence........... then I hear her help the other lane again. I can see the initial entry of what I ordered on my screen so I know she heard me, never asked what I wanted to drink, never gave me a total, asked me to pull forward, nothing. I left. Drove 2 exits South to the Chick-fil-A where I was quickly acknowledged and helped, with a smile, with better quality food and my order wasn't practically thrown out the drive thru window into my car. Save yourself the aggravation and just go somewhere else.

Very very slow drive-thru. I would not recommend this mc Donalds. Poor service. Ive been in line for 15 minutes for a happy meal

Very nice, newer McDonalds. Fast service, easy access, even if the moron customers don't know how to drive in the parking lot LOL.

The service is atrocious, from speed to demeanor towards the customer. I can appreciate the hustle-and-bustle that comes with a meal-time rush, but that is simply no excuse to be rude and condescending towards customers. Even experienced it during a complete lull in traffic, I was literally the only one in the drive-through lane with my daughter.  Then we starting receiving hair in our food. Three seperate burgers, two different times of day, different weeks. While we appreciate the extra condiments, they truly aren't necessary. Avoid this McDonalds like the plague.

Ok so I have to retire from going out to lunch at this McD's, what a joke. I have given them many many chances and it just seems they will never get it right. If you want to wait and have alot of time to waste this is the place for you. How do I order something as simple as a plain McChicken meaning no mayo or lettuce just the darn chicken and bun and people after me ordering burgers that need assembly and even McChickens with lettuce and mayo get served before me I am talking 3 people behind me one person with an $11 order. They just cannot handle the lunch crowd this happens everytime and I am not exagerating. I just don't get it. It is almost like you have to except poor service when going here as that is the cost of being able to have a McD's in this area. Also why is only 1 person working the counter? I have literally walked in and turned right around when I see 15 people in line and one person taking orders. Hire another person or pull someone off the drive-thru. This place is just a failure everytime but the turnover is so great that losing 25 customers a day doesn't put a dent in their finances I guess. Poor service, slow service, cannot handle multiple people in line, kinda of dirty and just a hassle 99% of the time. I am done with it , brown bag it and save $ and gas while I am at it. This is just a sign of the times bad service and nothing done about it. If any worker there claims they deserve $15 an hour come sit next to me at work and watch how I handle the workload of 3 people everyday while providing great service. Not much is asked of these employees and they still can't handle it.

This place needs help. Every single trash bin is full yet NO ONE is emptying them. Waited 25 minutes for fast food lmao!

*Drive Thru only* Even when it's busy, this drive thru goes pretty quick - have not had them mess up an order yet - been there a handful of times - it is a little precarious getting in and out of this location - same strip mall area as Walmart, Michael's and Best Buy. Nuff said...

Clean restaurant and clean bathroom. Wifi worked okay while I drank one of their bottles of water and did 20 minutes worth of laptop.  No idea about the food or the service beyond getting a single bottle of Dasani.

Dirty dirty dirty, soda area is disgusting. It's not busy but they are slow, ten minutes to get my order. Asked for the meal, rang up sandwich only, twice.

Date: April 19th 2016 Time: 22:25  After arriving from the airport, I decided to get a quick burger before I arrived at my hotel. Little did I know, this was not going to be quick.   I was the only person in the drive through this late at night. I ordered a Dbl Qtr Cheese meal. I received my coke as soon as I paid. But then the lady said I will be right back. I had enough time to watch a 10min youtube video before she came back and asked me what I ordered again? I gave her a weird stare and I almost drove away in anger. I kept my cool and answered.  A couple of more minutes later I finally received my food. The lady did not even apologize for the amount of time it took.   To top it all off, the fries were so old and stale I had to spit them out in my bag.   I usually dont waste my time writing reviews for fast food. But this place needs a change. Upper level management needs to come in and fire some people. Just take a look at the other reviews.   This is totally unacceptable!!

Awful service. Was charged for a combo that wasn't on the menu when I wanted was an existing combo with added cheese, I was over charged $2 for an unadvertised combo. When I asked why I was charged $2 for a slice of cheese, I was told sorry.

This place was a joke. After about 15 minutes in drive thru all I wanted was a breakfast sandwich and a large Dr Pepper and all they had was Coke and tea. That's a load of crap

Slower than slow. Should have checked out the other reviews before wasting my time her. Long long wait for a simple Egg McMuffin and a coffee.

I have only used the drive through. The order taking is usually fast I usually get a special order( I get a Big Mac without the middle bun)  At most other places I get it hot and with a soft bun. Not here ,I have stopped here three times and the meat is always cold, the bun is stale and it is put together in a sloppy way. I won't be back to this location

I'm pretty sure everyone's order was wrong today. They forgot our coffee, the people we were here with didn't get all their food first and had to go back twice. Just standing in line we watched several people keep going back to get their missing food items. Also there were people in line waiting more than 10 minutes for food. Everyone here looks mad. Probably not a good day for they staff here.

Went through the drive thru to get a simple unsweet tea. Got to the end of the drive thru and it was sweet. Went back through and...you guessed it sweet again. Went inside and the manager and one of the front people were going at it. The manager was saying she needed to ask people what they were waiting on. She said I've done my orders and they are right. Not doing somebody else's. I videoed the exchange with my iPhone. The manager asked if I was taping. I said, Yep. I'm gonna make her famous.

OK seriously what happened to this place? It's so filthy now. Flies everywhere. Dirty tables. Terrible smell. I'm too hesitant to order any food item here.

Where do I start.. I came here the first week it opened because I needed breakfast before work and I saw that they were giving away free small coffees for their grand opening.  The next couple of days, we were going religiously to receive our coffee.  The first day, it took a good five minutes to get our coffee.  Giving them the benefit of the doubt, that maybe they were new and the second time would be better.. The second and third time around, was the same thing.  There was even one time we ordered two regular coffees and one with one milk and the girl who was working there was so confused and had to ask us to repeat our order two or three times to get the order right.  We decided to walk-in one day, since the Drive-Thru takes forever, and it was packed!  The restaurant is very modern and clean and has a different layout than any other McDonald's I've been to.  They were taking orders and giving orders left, right and center.  Some guests were waiting two minutes for their food and coffee, others five or ten minutes.  They took forever to give us our coffee that day and they finally figured out the quickest way to get people in and out was to ask the guests for their receipt to get their food and drinks quickly.  The next time we came, we used a Buy One Get One Free coupon.  We ordered a Big Mac and a Quarter Pounder with Cheese (no pickles, onions or mustard) with pickles and onions on the side.  The supervisor that took our order through the Drive-Thru window was so confused as to what we were trying to order.  When we got to the window to pay, he had to re-read the coupon and told us we had to order a combo in order to receive the second sandwich free.  So we told him that the coupon actually states that you have to order a medium or large fries or a side salad.. so we went with medium fries.  Five minutes later waiting at the Drive-Thru, we get our food order and I look inside the bag and there was no extra packets of ketchup, two napkins and no pickles or onions on the side and a random mustard dipping sauce.  Then when we actually get home, I open up my burger to see if they messed up the order, and they ended up putting a piece of a pickle in my burger that looked like it was half eaten, and a blob of ketchup, no bigger than a size of a toonie.  I took the first bite of my burger and it was dry (with their being a blob of ketchup) and the cheese was not even fully melted.  The fries were cold and stale tasting and not filled to the top so we basically paid for a small fries.  I give this McDonalds one star for it's nice ambience but I think I'd rather travel a little further to get my orders right and not have to wait ten minutes each time for my food, being as McDonalds is a FAST-FOOD restaurant.

So after a long time of coming here I've realized 2 things. They have more staff now and they can still mess orders ups. Insane how you can still mess orders up at a fast food restaurant when there is a screen that tells you what I've ordered! I'm usually in a rush when this happens so I don't even get a chance to check and go back. Although now I order inside and check right on the spot. Don't know why this happens when I'm in a rush but wow its nuts. I've had wrong size fries and different burger.   Will still probably come back since this Mcd is close to my work places.   Just double check your orders!

Newest McDonald's in the area!   Love the newer design. Tons of outlets everywhere to charge up whatever gadgets you have.   3 large TVs, maybe it is not a bad place to watch some LIVE sports.  And of course Free Wifi!  Waiting for your numbers to call to pick up your food is not a bad idea and hopefully the system would be faster after their grand opening madness.

Well, usually I wouldn't be reviewing any fast food places. They are a dime a dozen and they pride themselves on crappy food, crappy service, and crappy atmosphere.   This McDonald's is different though. What I mean is that the service is still crappy, but atmosphere is like all the rest, but the food isn't as bad. No, I don't meant the burgers or the overpriced nuggets, the food that actually tastes ok is their pastry. This location is the only McDonald's that I have been able to find the good pastries. And if you go earlier enough, you can get the pastries that are still hot. Their filling is maple or chocolate, but I always get the maple. It is a lot better than the Timmys and other McDonald's in the area.

Wifi is decently fast, and lots of outlets throughout the restaurant.  Service seems to have improved, but is still sluggish during peak times.

Was there late night studying this past Sunday. Small and cozy branch.  The TVs were playing sports (Stanley cup finals on one, and F1 racing on another). This is perfect for me being a sports fanatic.  I will go there for Euro cup games when I don't feel like drinking at the bar.

on the way to work offsite in Richmond HIll, this Mikey D's just recently opened.  They usually say Breakfast is the most imporant meal of the day, so this place was my GO-TO!  the layout of the place is great, and for the most part is clean. I opted for the multi grain bagel with their BLT, and rather than coffee, I chose to have their strawberry/ banana smoothie.  TBH, MD beat's out Tim's smoothies hands down! It's been a while since I've had their breakfast and based on the experience, glad I made the right decision to come here!

4 stars in comparison to other McDonalds locations.  Really updated location with all the fancy new stuff. Free WiFi, many televisions and seating areas. Employees are quite friendly and quick. I was quite baffled that they didn't have decaf iced coffee however, considering that they have decaf coffee and ice? Seems like a simple equation to me.  Anyways, I don't have much negative to say about it other than long wait times sometimes as well as a strange smell when I came in today, but otherwise it's what you'd expect out of a McDonalds for the most part! :)

Ugh.  I went in tonight after a dinner at st.louis, which is almost right beside it, for a sundae with my boyfriend. It was 11pm when we entered, and I thought 'wow this mcdonald's is really nice on the inside. Looks modern!' ...turns out that was the only good thing about it.   We waited around 20 minutes to ORDER. There was nobody at the till and 3 people running around in the back serving the drive thru. This asian man in a white shirt looked at us several times but made no effort to get someone to serve us. Then at 10 minutes in, I asked the guy hey, can anybody come help us out here? and he was like ok give me a minute ...after 10 minutes, the manager for that night came and took our orders without much of an apology.  Then as we waited for our sundaes, he told us to take a seat because it won't be ready anytime soon and when it is, he will deliver it to our table. We sat down and waited... and waited.. and waited.  Also! We had to be quite choosy about where we sat because many of the tables had not been wiped down- there was lettuce and sauce all over a few tables and some were disgustedly sticky. Gross. At 11:46pm, our ice creams finally came and the manager just said 'sorry, our machines were broken...' ..however, we witnessed him serving 10-15 cars in the drive thru window. Since when did drive thru customers matter more than the customers inside the actual store?! Ice cream..... does NOT take 25 minutes to make.  When we left, the trash can was overflowing and sticky, it was disgusting. They're severely understaffed.. I've visited other mcdonalds at 2-4am and it was quicker than that.   By the way... can anybody give the restaurant # for me? It's on top of the receipt, which we did receive. I want to make a formal to headquarters.

This latest incarnation of a McDonald's looks great inside!  Very modern and slick TV monitors make this place look like a McDonald's from the future.  That is probably all it has going for it though.  The staff and management are so new that they have no idea what they are doing up to this point.  Usually I wouldn't review a McDonald's, but I felt like this one needed it.  They need to train their staff and get things going because just ordering a coffee ended up taking 15-20 minutes.  The staff have no idea what the usual specials are, let alone how to make a coffee with 1 cream and 1 sugar.  At one point the cashier was so confused when I handed her a $20 bill, that I literally had to scramble to get her exact change as she didn't know what to do with it.  If you're in a rush, this probably is the worst McDonald's you can go to right now.  I'm giving it 2 stars for the monitors and huge TV screens and decent wifi!

Being a new open beside zoup and a st Louis wings, I would expect the service to be faster. There were long waits and the kitchen crew seemed to be confused ad to what they are supposed to do.  I am not sure if this location is targeted for the teen/ uni crowd but they really have the music playing loud and was not able to have a conversation with my friend who was sitting just across without repeating myself numerous times and or yelling!  I am sure this is just the growing pains in their initial opening

This is not your typical McDonald's! I walked in and discovered a very different look.  Was I in the right place?  McDonald's in revealing its new floor plan, in a more compact footprint.  Instead of the long counter, there is a narrow order station, and a separate pickup area.  They are using the number system for better order control.  Even the drive through is not familiar to me--it is tandem instead of having two lanes clumsily converge into one.  Fresh, Euro-orderly, and it has free wifi!  I think it works.  My Big Breakfast Combo was the best I've had at any McD's.  Don't get me wrong-this isn't my beloved 5-star Eggs Benedict at the Grand Hyatt, but is certainly worth 5 stars in comparison with it's segment competition!

Drive through line ups are long, especially during free coffee week. They only give one free coffee per person so if you all of a sudden want to order more, they will only let you if there are other people with you.   Customer service inside and at drive thru has always been okay for me.   When inside the restaurant, they give you a ticket order number so your order does not get mixed up with the other orders. I've had my orders mixed up at other McDonald franchises in the past.   The only, and in fact one of the biggest downfall for me is actually the location of the restaurant. If you want to make a left turn back on 16th avenue, especially during rush hour, good luck as there are a lot of cars on 16th avenue and no traffic lights. They're probably not going to build another traffic light as there's already traffic lights at the fire station right beside the restaurant already. I say if you want to make a left, go around during rush hour.

Food is the same as all mcDs! Staff are friendly, very friendly.. It's odd. But I like it.. Lol

This McDonald's grand opening is offering free coffee from Sept 22 to Sept 27. Service really needs to improve because they are really slow. Took them 10 minutes to ring in an order for a Quarter Pounder (No Cheese) Combo.

I got a ranch chicken snack wrap here the other day.  The girl asked for my name to write on my bill even though I was the only customer there. I reluctantly complied. The wrap was good. The chicken portion was a shade small.

Fine for a quick coffee or a Jr chicken/ snack wrap. I've never ordered anything fancy from this Macs but other yelpers seem to think on the slow side.  Connected to st clair station its handy if you are waiting for a streetcar and suddenly get an itch for something cheap and greasy.

It's a McDonalds. There's nothing you can say about the food that people don't already know and either love or hate (but still probably secretly crave that guilty pleasure of some nuggets and fries from time-to-time).   What is notable about this location is that A - it's connected to the St. Clair subway station and B - it's 24 hours.   This tiny little location is nothing special. It's very plain; you might mistakenly walk in here when heading to subway station if you weren't paying attention. There is no seating (although there is a bar-height window ledge if you want to stand around the front).   It's quite clean for your typical fast food joint (even a peak behind the counter into the kitchen showed shiny stainless steal and bright white walls) and despite only a couple of people working the graveyard shift my order was delivered very quickly, hot, fresh, and neatly prepared even during a bit of a post-bar-night rush.    Most conveniently and what makes this stand out from your average Mickey D's is the take-out style counter in the streetcar bay, where you can pause in-transit to fuel up.

E

Here's an oddity: a hole-in-the-wall McDonald's. Stuck right off the side of St. Clair Subway Station, this Mickey D's is small enough without having some walls boarded up for renovation. If you're looking for a sit-down dining experience, you won't get it here--it's take-out only at this point.  When I was here with some hungry friends the other night, we inundated them with coupons for two-for-one Big Macs. They accommodated us pretty well, but they did forget to give me ketchup for my fries. To be fair, it was the sixth order of fries from our group, so I don't grudge them for forgetting.

What can I say? We know what we're getting with McDonald's and the price can't be beat. This location is open to the inside PAID area of the TTC station as well as the outside. No seating. Very quick service.

A little McDonald's kiosk beside the subway station. Every so often I have to go to the residential tenancy board near this location,  and this is my source for $1 ice coffees and cookies!  They also have a McDonald's full menu,  but I try to avoid their other food like products subsequent to watching the supersize me documentary some years ago. They have no tables at this location,  it's strictly a takeout location.

I like how this McDonald's is within the TTC fare paid area - I think it's the only one in the whole TTC subway system. This lets me grab food and drink on my commute, and saves me from paying an extra token to get out of the station.  As far as service goes, the service counter within the station is rather narrow, but hey it works. The staff and food quality are on par with other McDonald's locations; nothing especially bad or good.

Go here for take out only and do expect a bit of a wait.  I would say this is more of a take out counter than an actual restaurant.  I'd compare it to the Union Station location but on a smaller scale... but at least when you line up, it's indoors.  The narrow layout lends itself to only 2 cash registers being open if you access from St. Clair. If you don't want to leave the TTC system and save on excess fare, there is a separate order counter there but there is only 1 cash register.  The narrow layout doesn't help the cashiers as from there perspective, it can always seem busy even if the lineup is only about 4 or 5 deep. This leads to them seeming stressed out and not always giving you the service you might expect... or a free smile.  The low ranking lends to the layout, atmosphere, wait times, and friendliness of the staff.  The one thing that McDonald's is known for is providing a consistent food product and thankfully, if you need to come here, you'll get what you expect. If you're in the neighbourhood and you're hungry for McDonald's, this place isn't bad but there is a better location just a bit north at Yonge & Eglinton.

McDonald's in general sucks but time to time I get an urge for nuggets. No matter the location I always go inside and ask that they make the nuggets fresh and tell them I will wait for them (usually takes them around 5 minutes or more) . After the cashier took my order I heard her tell the workers making the food that I wanted them to make the nuggets fresh out the grease and 1 of them replied hell no and laughed (stupid high school kid) .  No more then 2 minutes after I placed my order a worker handed me my food and I told him that was too quick to have been made fresh, he assured me it was (even though I didn't see any of the workers go to the fryer to cook them which they always do when asked to be made fresh, so I know they came from the nasty heating tray). After I got to the car I took a bite and they were warm (not hot like fresh nuggets) and tasted like they were sitting. Since I was hungry at the time I just ate them but I won't be returning. Bad service lying workers and bad food.  Oh I almost forgot this was McDonald's no wonder. Its my fault to have given into an urge from a nostalgic memory of being an overweight teenager who used to get joy out of cutting school and getting horrible fast food (ignorant to the health risks of eating it) when I could have just cooked something at home or went somewhere that had real ingredients.  Shame on me for being so lazy and weak like the majority of Americans when it comes to diet .

One of the better Mickey D's in the area. Fast service, generally clean, well kept, food hot and fresh. Good location. Easy in and out.

Normally I consider eating at a McDonald's a defeat, especially since I've discovered some really great places in Cleveland. But I'll admit I was desperate for a milkshake and needed to be quick so this was the place. The drive thru was fairly fast considering the two lanes and lots of traffic.

This location had slow service there were several people working but only one taking orders.  The one person seemed to not care that the line was building and really took her time. She stopped taking orders to do what apparently all the other workers were doing at one point causing someone in line to ask if anyone was taking orders.  She said uhhhhh yea but continued what she was doing and came back when she was done.  They didn't get our order right and charged us separately for sandwich and drinks instead of meal and did not give fries.  Employee did not seem to care about service.   Side note the bathroom was out of soap.

Every time I go through the drive through they greet me and ask me to wait. Sure no problem. But then they never come back! I have to say hello? And then they respond asking me for my order. And also half the time their espresso machine is down.

The service here is TERRIBLE!!  They told me to go ahead and order at the drive thru so I started to order and then heard nothing after that. After about an awkward 2 minutes of silence I continued on with my order and then began to see it pop up on the screen. Again, I heard nothing from anyone at McDonalds and pulled my car around. On a brighter note, all of my food was correct!

Brand New remodeled restaurant! (Fall 2012) Everything was hot, fresh and yummy!

Thinnest burger I ever received here, looked like a slice of salami.. Also bun was basically toast!! So crunchy... Ew.

This is the best McDonalds in the area!  They consistently get my special orders correct, I've always had fresh McMuffins here (and I mean FRESH), they're friendly and they are fast.  I do have a closer Mickey D's to my home but it's not worth the aggrevation to go there.  I'll come here because I know I'll be happy with my meal!

You don't expect much from McDonald's but at least fill my medium Mc flurry all the way instead of giving me half and being pissy when handing it to me. Not the first time with mess ups and attitude. Worst McDonald's. Only giving it one star rating because yelp makes me.

Avoid this McDonalds at all costs! This has been the worst McDonalds that I have ever been to. So much heartache and wasted time at this restaurant. I have lives in Mesa for 3 years now and everytime I have come to this restaurant, there has been a problem . Last week I came through the drive thru and ordered our food and I asked for fresh fries , I waited for quite a while in the drive thru so I assumed that it was because I was waiting for fries . I was mistaken by the coldest, oldest, frighteningly  dissatisfying french fries that I ever ordered . I came back and had it replaced as well as the two flat sodas that they gave me. The next day, thinking it was just a bad night the day before, the same problem happened but this time they messed up two of my burgers on top of it ! They only thing they did right was the ice cream . They replaced the medium fries and large fries with 2 medium fries, problem? Yes! The next day after we came again to get the replacement french fries along with our order, everything was fine but they gave me two old Big Mac sandwiches . The manager actually had the nerve to be mad at me for coming in and getting my things replaced 3 times in a row.

Well I don't usually have high expectations for McD but it doesn't stop me from going there. I am never really on this side of town and my MIL wanted me to drive thru. The staff was real busy and not very happy. I watched the employee hand my food to the person in front of me and then the girl told them it wasn't her food. She didn't touch it or anything and I didn't particularly care but when I pulled up she told me the wrong price and then figured out the problem. Not friendly at all but then again neither was I and it was McDonald's. The egg mcmuffin looked very thrown together but she said it tasted good so there you go.

Not sure what the problem is. This is a McDonalds. The whole idea of going to a chain, or McDonalds in general, is that you know what you're going to get when you order.  Ordered two Egg McMuffins subbing egg whites & cheddar. The guy working the drive thru asked me if I wanted cheese. Uhhh, yeah, WHITE CHEDDAR. It's part of the egg white package deal. So off I go and when I get to my destination low & behold, NO cheese. Wait, how did white cheddar become no cheddar. White, not clear. On top of that, the eggs were runny, like dripping juice and the muffin was not toasted hardly at all so it was very chewy. I just don't get how one McDonalds is different from another. The people in the back don't even really cook yet they still manage to screw it up. Sad. No cheese, chewy english muffin, juicy egg white. 1 Star.

Service usually sucks. Two order spots but never used. Coming in and out is so narrow surprised not more accidents.

the staff is always nice! I take my dog through the drive thru all the time. They pet him and sometimes even give him a french fry! which makes his day. My orders are always special and they always get it right!

I USED to come here often since I'm 2 seconds away... and I stopped because I ask for 1 cream in my coffee and they give it to me looking like milk. So gross. Anyway the people are nice but they truly suck. Not to mention I forgot my debit at home and instead of just giving me the food out of courtesy they kept it. I came back probably 20 mins later for the same order to realize they have givin me the old food from 20 minutes ago.

You can expect: cold fries , gross or uncarbonated drinks , cold burgers that have been sitting there ect. I usually don't write reviews but with flu , fever , and gross food; I'll be going hungry tonight.  Save yourself a trip and go to Ellsworth.

Stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday morning. The food was very good and the bathroom was as clean as anyone has a right to expect! A pleasant start to the day.

I realize that folks don't come to Yelp for McDonalds. But there are differences that vary between locations due to management decisions. And I wanted to shame this location for not honoring the any soda for a dollar promotion. They tried to say that to get a large soda with a value meal I had to pay an extra $1 and upgrade the fries, even though I didn't want the extra fries and all sodas are the same price. Other locations in Mesa & Gilbert do not require this. It is absurd to try and exempt themselves from a state wide promotion. Stay away and go to any of the other dozen McDonald's in Mesa.

I'm so tired of these tacky locations.   When I asked for water or charge me $1 for a real cup. I am so tired of being nickel and dimed. I talked to the manager Sofia. She mostly patronized and made excuses. and she could have cared less as I explained to her give them the pickle principle of basic customer service.   To top it off I said very clearly I wanted the nuggets and fried made fresh. They were not and I had to have them remake them. They were tired of me and it showed. That should never happen.   Complete fail. On the upside there was a play area so the kids were happy in the end.

I had 2 options for water a tiny 6 oz cup (yeah right) or pay full price (cost of pop) for a glass of water. Customer service is lost on the managers here. These are the basics and I'm tired of it.

Absolutely the worst run McDonalds in all of Toronto. The food quality sucks and the place is filthy most of the time. The service is extremely slow and the drinks/ condiment area is always dirty with no napkins. I have lived in the area 5 years and it is getting worse and worse. I don't know why McDonalds corporate offices don't do something about this location.

Worst McDonald's ever. 2 people ordering but 30 people waiting. Wrong orders. It's actually hillarious anyone can run something this bad

Disorganized McDonalds management is very weak at this location and half of the times ur order is wrong

This is the slowest McDonald's i have ever been to. The drive through is a complete joke. More than once it has taken almost 20 minutes to get through when there are only 4 cars in front of me. Recently they put in a double lane, so i went back and assumed they would be faster. Somehow they managed to be slower. The food quality is pretty mediocre compared to other McDonald's locations. Inside it is usually dirty and the employees clearly hate working there, and do a pretty good job showing it.  They also have a serious problem with homeless people in the drive through hiding behind the intercom and trying to order food while you are ordering. Overall this has to be the worst McDonald's, but sadly it is one of the only ones in that area, so the owners don't care. I would give 0 stars if i could.

Deserving of 0 stars, while in this unorganized fastfood joint. I witnessed one of the more incompetent staff members criticizing a customer who's order they got wrong not once or twice but 4 times, the staff members admission not assumption anyway when I got to order I was informed all day breakfast is limited to one item(my words not hers), despite the advertisement behind her showing it is a number of items, major disappointment as I was looking forward to having the breakfast for lunch. Which makes me question if the breakfast is made fresh or just left under a heat lamp like the rest of McDonald's sandwiches. If this location truly wants to compete it should have the full breakfast menu, especially given the presence of an all day breakfast restaurant in the adjacent stockyards plaza.

This has been by far the most repulsive, disgusting and dirty McDonald's I've been to. Furthermore, the service is slow and the kids working are extremely disorganized.   I shall never return to this location ever. In fact, I think I'd avoid any McDonald's within a 5km from this location as the clientele in this neighbourhood has a lot to be said.

I am no hater of McDonald's or mass produced over processed food in general. In fact, I am a bit of a fan and addict. However, this McDonald's is a bit worse than average. Here are some good and bad points....  1. The place is so busy that the fries are usually still hot when they are served. 2. Lines get long in here, and service can be painfully slow. 3. Unlike Tim Horton's, they manage to find ways to upcharge quite a bit for upsizing a drink or ordering items in any way besides a combo. 4. There are no plugs for computers or phone charging here. Therefore, you get less Starbucks-esque loitering and more homeless loitering. 5. The service is basically terrible with a nice cashier or two on occasion. The place is rarely very clean. 6. Corporately, McDonald's could be much more responsible by reducing sodium in everything it sells, using less paper waste , and not giving more Monopoly game chances based on ordering larger sizes of the most unhealthy items, as well as giving away fries more than anything else. Never won a salad? Didn't think so.

Probably the worst McDonald's in the GTA. The staffs are usually yelling at each other and not being able to handle the homeless people coming in and sitting down for a few hours and panhandle. When you place a order, it usually takes a pretty long time to come. The newly renovated drive through is a disaster, it is a 2 PA system split to one window where you wait quite a long time and the line up becomes astronomical where to the point you should just either go inside or go home.  This location need some better staff management to be trained cease and desist. Witness an altercation with another person lining up, due to open alcoholic beverages they brought in and the management working did nothing and just walked away. Quit if you can't fullfil your role.  Renovate this place and hire people who actually want to work. If not let them go. This place slowly became the worst McDonald in the GTA.

I know it's McDonalds and I don't expect the greatest service I've ever had but, I do expect for them to get the order right. In the past they've forgotten burgers and even the meat in the burger, yes, they gave me two buns with ketchup, onions, and pickles. I ordered a Bacon Clubhouse tonight and they did not put bacon on it. I mean, it has bacon in the title of it.

The food at this location is on point but what are they going to do about all the creepy men in the dining area openly watching pornography? Looking over to accidentally see man on man action doesn't help the McNuggets go down very well.

A moderate location by shopping centers on each side down all of route Pearl Road. located by Brunswick location is also tried.

The Staff Never smiles, always gets the order wrong, every time i do a feedback to Corporate HQ they never improve, They are never helpful at all and never fixes problems.

It is what it is, a McDonalds.  You get what you expect.  Inexpensive fast food.  They do have a value menu.  I do like the fries.  The do have a double lane for the drive-thou.

The drive-through staffs are unbelievably stupid.   He verbally confirmed my order twice, yet still give me the wrong meal. How can he possibly confirms that I ordered Sausage, Egg & Cheese McGriddles, but give me Steak, Egg & Cheese Biscuit.  This happened many times.

Tastes great if you're starving but your stomach says you'll be oh so sorry afterwards. Not a lot of healthy choices, sky-high calorie counts, and your money is going to a gigantic corporation rather than supporting your local community. At least they're going to start posting the calories at the cashier but don't be fooled. Even if you order a salad, the dressings have about 18 grams of fat! Anyway, there are so many other wiser choices even when you're in a hurry. Methinks not unless you need WIFI in a pinch.

In a business transaction I expect product delivered as well as service. This location doesn't get that concept.  I've come to McDonalds because I'm in a hurry and there aren't other options. Like most of us do.   When they leave half my food out of the bag and then I have to spend five minutes on the phone explaining the problem over and over to someone with no communication skills (why are people who don't understand English answering the phone?) AND how other places rectify problems, offer an apology, give solutions, etc. it's beyond bad.   Avoid at all costs!  If you have to go here check your bag before leaving!

It's a McDonalds- no surprises for food you're not going to find a lot of healthy food or anything that high of quality. It's a pretty clean restaurant with nice customer service.

No bacon on my Bacon and Cheese Quarter Pounder!!!!! Kind of an essential ingredient for that particular burger....

As far as McDonalds go, this is a fantastic location.  The location is modern, updated and clean.  The staff was super friendly, which says a lot, given they were working on Christmas Eve.

Reviewing fast food is petty and I rarely bother but in this instance, it should be noted Rex the MANAGER is highly unprofessional.  A young girl walked up to the registers and simply asked for her cup to accompany her kids meal. He looked at her without missing a beat and snapped back You'll get your drink with your meal! and stormed off as if the girl ruined his day by asking such a rude question.   Talking to an adult like that is one thing but to openly yell at a child like that is just plain stupid.

I avoid this mcdonalds at all costs. The food is always cold, orders take a long time and are usually wrong, and the workers aren't very friendly. Theres another mcd's on pearl rd and in neighboring cities that are much better than this one. its a shame.

Restaurant is fairly clean.  Tables usually need to be wiped down yourself before you are able to sit.  Staff is not very inviting or friendly.. Cashiers rarely greet you before you order, they usually just stare at you and wait for you to order.

About the same as everywhere else.  Does have 24 hour service.  Right by freeway and two lanes for service.

Would be better if they got my order right! Every time I've been there it's messed up. Won't be back.

This location is right near my place I go here for an occasional coffee or early breakfast/lunch. They've really upped the game on food over the years. Still lovin the egg mc muffin! Great service here and they aren't always saying sorry, we are out of this or that, etc.

usually clean. workers are very professional and friendly. but the managers are rude and unhelpful. they usually talk to me like i owe them something for inconveniencing them by eating here. but the actual servers and cashiers are wonderful and very polite. i feel bad for them. : /

I hate it when they take your order and ask Is that all? after every single item. It's very rude and should be addressed by management.  This was done by the person working the first window in 6/12/16 at 6:56pm.

Love it here the place is always clean and service is always fast friendly and most important accurate. Keep up the great work!!

This McDonald's gets bonus points for its newness factor.  There's also a playground for the kiddos. It seems like it's busy most of the time, but the employees sure try their best to crank out orders as fast as possible.  Another plus- the employees actually smile and are friendly!  The restaurant area is clean and thus far all my orders have been correct.  This is probably my favorite McDonald's location.

Best McDonald's  I have ever visited! Clean and employees  are awesome!  Visit  here frequently  and always get great service.

Me and the wife refer to this McDonald's as the Nazi McDonald's. They're very strict here and they never run the specials that other McDonald's do. They never seen to have the most brightest people at the front counter taking orders.

I have been to the location so many times I stopped counting. The customer service has been great till tonight.  When you call for a manager and she clearly is having a bad day or hates her job. I just had a simple request and she had the nerve to twist her neck at me like I asked her to do more then to help me with the issue that her employee made an error on. I just asked her if she could ring my order again so I can use my coupon she said NO. I am like wow. I just don't want my order then. I understand that computers have issues but there is a way to talk to people. Just remember to treat others as you want to be treated. I got the store managers name an number. I still will visit that location not going to let one bad experience stop me from going there again. But that manager hopefully have a better day or like her job that day.

The first few months it was open I would have reviewed this place a five but now they are hiring the biggest retards (Michelle). My wife recently came thru the drivethru to order ice cream and was treated with the upmost disrespect. The attitudes, eye rolling and smirks makes this unprofessional team just a place I will not spend a dine on. From nice folks to GHETTO attitudes was something I hoping this site would not hire but they did. Absolutely stay away from this place and I hope this McDonald's just close outright.

Only one I will go to! Great customer service and very clean lobby and bathroom! A+++++

Super fast service! love this McDonald's! You're in and out of the drive thru in no time! EVEN WHEN ITS FULL! The inside is really modern/ nice and clean! Staffs pretty friendly! Yay!

Very friendly service.  I went today and they gave me a sand timer. They had let me know if the sand runs out before I get my meal I would get a free sandwich.  Ok sounds like fun.  They had my food ready before the sand ran out.  I thought this was a great idea! Until I got home.  Just because the food is fast doesn't mean that it will come out looking nice.  My big Mac was super sloppy.  My daughters meal was missing her apple slices and her dipping sauce even though they verified with me that it was there.  My fries were crazy cold. But the service was super great. I wish they would pay more attention to working on quality of food not the speed of delivery.

Disgusting excuse for food....do. It eat here or any McDonald's they have trash for food...

This is the newest McDonald's in North Las Vegas, and possibly the Vegas Valley. In similar fashion to newly opened businesses, this one starts out on a clean slate.     The atmosphere is upbeat because everything is brand new and clean. With the newness, there is some neat features. The one that stands out is a screen similar to the DMV that flashes your order number when it is ready. In similar fashion to new and remodeled McDonald's, there is a McCafe and indoor playground..    The employees appear cheerful. The service was fast and friendly.    I am a fan of new businesses. Especially new McDonald's that are upbeat restaurants. I bestow the newest North Las Vegas McDonald's with 4-stars.

I prefer this Mickey D's Location better than the Craig Location. I Usually Get Very Good Customer Service here, Whether it be a Manager, or Counter Worker. Always Greeted with a Smile, and I My Iced Coffee I get here is On Point! Every Time..lol!  The Interior is Kept Clean, and there is a Play area for the Little Ones to Enjoy as well.   The Only Think that you Should Take Note on, is that During the Hours of 1:30pm- 3:30pm it WIll Get Busy, Noisy, and You Will Have to Wait a While Before Ordering, or Getting Your Order! Why? You Say? Well, During those times are when the Teenagers from the Nearby High School are Off from School, and that's why there are Those Signs that Other Yelpers have Posted are on the Door!   Happy Yelping!

McDonald's scares me now, to much trying to be like the other guys.  Do McDonald's even host birthday parties anymore like back in the 80's and 90's? Lol MAC n Me xD it's a movie, trust me, kids now days have NO clue what I'm talking about.  Nuggets...what are they? And what ever happen to the McFriends????

Hinweis: Dieser Bericht bezieht sich ausschließlich auf das McDrive von diesem McDonald nicht auf das eigentliche Restaurant!    Zuallererst wird man an der Sprechanlage von einer freundlichen Computerstimme um einen Moment geduld gebeten. Der Moment kann auch mal länger werden wenn viel vor einem Los ist.    Ist dann jemand Menschliches am anderen ende kommt es bei diesem McDonalds ganz stark darauf an wer denn nun am andern Ende der Sprechanlage ist.    Ich hatte zweimal das glück, das eine sehr freundliche zuvorkommende und sehr höfliche ältere Dame (graumeliertes Haar) am Leitungsende war. Da hat das mit den Bestellungen eins A+++ geklappt und es gab auch keinerlei Probleme. Extrem Lobenswert!    Dann hatte ein einmal das eher zweifelhafte Glück eine mindestens 30 Jahre jüngere Frau zu erwischen die Wohl grade von der Kosmetik oder Barbie Schule abgegangen sein muss. Nun ja über Geschmack lässt sich ja bekanntlich nicht streiten.    Über mangelndes Urteilsvermögen dagegen schon. Ich habe also 2 Kid Menüs und 2 normale für eine Freundin, deren Kinder und mich Bestellt und dazu die Getränke. O-Saft für die Kids und Spezi für sie und mich.    Bis zum O-Saft hat das alles geklappt. Dann kam die Spezi.    Erstmal zwei große Schöpfer Eiswürfel rein. Ich habe sie dann gebeten die Spezi doch bitte ohne Eiswürfel zu machen da wir zu dem Zeitpunkt ca. -3,5°C hatten. Sie meinte dann nur in einem sehr unfreundlichen Ton, das ich das hätte sagen müssen. Klar, bei Schneefall, Eis und Glätte vor der Türe muss man dazusagen das man kein Eis im Getränk will, weil es ja zu kalt sein könnte (bei allen andern McDonalds bei denen ich in der letzten Zeit war hat keiner Eis reinemacht seit Anfang Oktober). Sie hat dann noch eine Weile versucht mit mir rumzudiskutieren, hat aber letztendlich nachgegeben. Sehr freundlich von Ihr nicht war?    Als dann die Großbestellung endlich fertig war und Sie sie mir überreicht hat, kam nicht wie sonnst üblich: Einen schönen Abend noch oder etwas in der Richtung.    Fazit also für diesen MCD:    Hier ist es sehr sehr wichtig wer einen am McDrive Schalter Bedient.    5 Sterne für die ältere Dame, die kann ich einfach nur für ihre freundliche und herzliche art und weiße Loben. 0 Sterne für die junge Dame dagegen.

Die Filiale ist sauber und die Mitarbeiter sind freundlich. Aber: Keine Eier zum Frühstück-und das am Sonntag :-(

nur als ergänzung: -mit w-lan-hotspot

Was soll bzw. kann man zu McDonald's noch groß schreiben?!? Das Essen schmeckt überall gleich gut bzw. schlecht (je nach Geschmack). Die Angebote sind auch überall die selben. Nur die Bedienungen nicht Unsere war heute Abend etwas langsam und distanziert und hat bei einem Teil der Bestellung einfach mal selber bestimmt, was es gibt (Es ging um eine Sauce zu Chicken McNuggets). Von daher der Stern Abzug. Sonst gibts aber nix zu meckern.

Clean, updated location. Ate in today to pass some time before a meeting and watched the staff interact with customers and was very impressed. Greetings were happy and cheerful, orders were taken quickly, manager came up to help cashiers when it got busy, and even when a lady asked for all her $17 change in $1 bills (I'm having a garage sale) they went to go get change to help her out.

My mom needed to meet a client to pick up documents and I was her chauffeur for the day. The lobby is really nice, as is all their locations in the Southwest that I've been to, due to recent renovations. Very modern, classy, and extremely clean. This location featured an opaque black and white rendition of the Las Vegas Strip on the glass separating the restaurant from Terrible's convenience store. The new digital menus are really nice as well and easy to read.   I don't really eat at McDonald's, so I can't say much about the food. What I do usually order and enjoy was their Vanilla Cone. Delicious non-fat vanilla soft serve in a light and crispy cone. The best part of this location is the fact that it is one of the very few corporate stores in the valley and offers the Vanilla Cone at just $0.49 ($0.53 after sales tax)!! What an awesome deal! Especially when franchised locations charge $1 and up.  So, based on the nice, welcoming lobby and consistently delicious Cone, I have no complaints.   BONUS: Free Wi-Fi and the lobby and drive-thru are open 24 hours!

Not sure why this McDonald's is showing as closed. It is connected to the Terrible's gas station and still in business. They have a 24 hour drive-thru as well.  I have never been inside, only ordered at the drive-thru. The employees are pretty friendly, they have fast service, and no problems with my orders so far.  I love the $1 large sweet teas!!  I moved to the area a few weeks ago and have driven by here before, but could not remember if I saw a sign saying that they had a 24 hour drive-thru. So the first time I came here, I asked the cashier at the first window:  Me: Is your drive-thru 24 hours? Employee: Ummm...... I think so? But I'm not sure. Do you want me to ask?  Me: That's okay, I'll ask at the next window.  LOL he works there and didn't know what their drive-thru hours were?!?! Come on!! Well, as I drove up to the second window to get my food, I saw the 24 hour sign.   But still, as an employee, you should at least know what the restaurant's hours are right??

I stopped here to use the Redbox machine.  I then went inside and got a McDonald's McCafé frappé, chocolate chip variety.  Service was prompt with a nice smile from the young lady at the counter.  She made the drink quickly and it was very good.  I've been here a few times in the past and it's a convenient stop on Flamingo.

The food is the same everywhere but the workers could care less about doing their jobs. 1 am and they literally stop answering the drive thru. Great business.. Sike. Gave a 1 star because There's no 0.

Came through the drive-thru on my way home from the pharmacy as a quick something to eat just so I could take my medicine.   I ordered about 8 burgers, some fries, and some nuggets. When I got home, I realized I was missing 2 burgers. When I called in to let them know about the missing burgers, the person on the phone blatantly told me, well, why didn't you check your bag before you left? I didn't appreciate her attitude nor her tone at all and it was very evident in my response, well, why did you charge me for something if you weren't going to give it to me?! It wasn't a huge problem at all, it was only $2, but the way the situation was handled was completely uncalled for.   Btw, they have this absurd promise where you'll be in and out of the drive-thru in under 60 seconds [they even give you a timer at the first window after they take your payment], and this is probably why! You don't get everything you ordered and charged for, and when you call in, they make it sound like it's your fault. I definitely will not be coming back to this location.

Call me crazy but I gotta say my experience tonight has completely turned me around from my last review. I wouldn't believe it if it hadn't happened to me! Late Saturday night with a bunch of cars in front of me,  I begrudgingly took my place in the drive- thru line. I had assured both my fiancé & my mother that they'd NVR have shakes & cookies around this time (1am) being it was pretty late (or early depending ) but I asked anyway & was shocked when he said YES!!! Wow, ok that's unusual! the line surprisingly moved along fairly quickly & next thing I knew, the man in the window was repeating my order back to me...  Yes I said he repeated my order back to me! ...& guess what  it was 100% perfect Not 1 flaw ~ not a one... I've NVR had such a great experience at ANY McDonalds in my entire life! & considering I lived next door to this location & had several issues wth them over the years, this is sincerely a breath of fresh air! Whoever you are mystery man work'n the window Saturday night - you know & do your job well! Thank you for showing them how it's done  somebody give this guy a raise!!!

Came here this morning around 2:30-3am with my friends through the drive thru, the guy refused to do two separate orders, was rude about it too, no one was behind us. And he forgot the ranch I paid for last minute. I will never go back while he is working , I'm an ex mcdonalds worker and never acted like that or else I'd get a write up / termination because they are not looking for rude people !

Omg this McDonald's is so rude, they don't smile and they look like they hate everyone. They always get my order wrong and I've been there only 3 times. Don't go here bad customer service.

Convenient location, that is in the same building as a chain gas station's mini-mart.  There is a high school that is walking distance away too. Not sure if the kids there are back in school or not, but there seems to be a few just hanging out or waiting for their orders.  I don't think it is one of their fancier locations, but I saw way too many McDonald's commercials this morning while at work. Damn those $1.49 Iced Coffee commercials that kept popping up on Fox.    And I was almost able to get all the way back home, just 0.7 more miles or so, and I failed.  Washed out of SD-6*, the covert branch of the CIA, because I couldn't stay focus and on mission like Sydney, even after she got a few molars yanked out of her jaw, and still managed to complete her mission in Taiwan (where the fake Chinese there all somehow were very fluent in Cantonese).  I guess ABC failed even harder then me, and they have a much bigger budget too.  Anyway. Anyway. Anyway. Anyway, I thought I get some Garlic Fries too, but the dude taking my order kindly told me, without shouting are you nuts bro?, that they just have regular French Fries.  It is not that I don't believe the man, but all the chatter about trying Garlic Fries at the ball park, at fancy restaurants and even at McDonald's got me craving some decent Garlic Fries. So is it just being tested at selected test markets, like the San Francisco Bay Area, and not at the boring suburb of Las Vegas??? I have a very odd feeling that I have been punked!!! Not even sure if I was even the intended target, as the false rumor was disseminated over group text.   Well, at least the French Vanilla Iced Tea was decent. A little too much ice, and tasted on the weak side, but for $2.48 for their large, it was not a horrendous fiscal disaster.  * Watched Season 1 episode 1 of Alias for the very first time, in case you are not up to date about this reference. I know it is not like GOT or Walking Dead or anything, or is it?  Well thanks for making the Iced Coffee cold for me to enjoy. 3 stars.  Mainly because the mailman that placed his order is probably going to blame you for him being confused about the 20 piece McNuggets not being a combo, and he messed up his order. He can blame it on the heat, or pneumonia or spin it whichever way he pleases, because the American people just don't care. We only want all our USPS employees to not hoard our mails and steal our drugs sent through the US Postal Service.  3 stars. Next time less ice. And have Garlic Fries!!!

Amazing quality food. Great staff. A cashier known as Juan was super friendly and kind. Unlike the ladies that are sometimes there. He made sure we got the right sauces and burgers. 10/10 thanks Juan we will be back.

This has got to be by far the worst mcdolalds that was ever created number one they never give you the right order number two they don't understand English number three they use their bare hands to prepare the food number four they make mistakes on your order and give you the attitude like if you did something wrong to them . It seriously is a misery to be in their store and the people who work in there give horrible costumer service & a little bit to rude to costumers , every restaurant should respect their costumers because if it's not for us you all wouldn't have a job !

9 times out of 10 the service or food or both are horrible.  After getting my entire order wrong I waited while they made the correct meals.  At home 1 block away my meals were cold, hamburger looked and tasted like yesterdays.  The fries limp and loaded with oil.  If you can not get fresh fries at lunch time, when can you get it.  We will skip this McDonald it never improves

I came here to order a big Mac, (hadn't had one in years) and when I got it I kinda noticed it looked like crap so I decided to inspect it. When I did, and I took off the top bun I found that someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I mean seriously I always tolerate the crappy service, and the stupid and careless Mexican lady that always takes my orders wrong ( I'm also a Mexican I promise I'm not racist or prejudice) in the mornings at the drive-thru, but c'mon seriously someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I took it back to the register, and informed the cashier of my surprise, and he was kind enough to replace it for another Big Mac. I brought it back to my table, and I took it out of it's box, and guess what? It looked like shit! Seriously this thing looked so bad I wouldn't be surprised if it fucking winked at me! It looked as if an elephant had sat on it after it had finished taking a slim dump between two hamburger buns. Okay, now I know McDonalds isn't a five star restaurant, and I definitely know it isn't even a quality restaurant, but can't the customer at least expect some service quality? I mean seriously I couldn't even expect to receive a semi-attractive decent tasting burger or a Big Mac with its Patty as a whole. Ugh.. what can you do right?  GOD BLESS AMERICA

This McDonald's is very clean. I don't eat fast food often,but I have returned to this location a few times. I can say the people who work here are nice and very fast. The only thing that is not great are the restrooms are old but it is in a gas station.

Still worst service around here today we even requested that our fries be filled since we are paying for them and the last time was half empty. So we waited for our food and received this half empty fries and they were soggy and not cooked all the way! Not that this will change because I have posted several bad reviews and no manger ever tried to reach out to make it better

Bad customer service , they do not pay attention to anything. my order is wrong 90% of the time.

I basically only come here at the end of the night, and on rare occasions, the beginning of an evening on the way to my brother-in-law's place.   Service was pretty quick and friendly, and the place is clean, though at the late of night, it's mostly frequented by shady looking people (such as myself, at the point).  It's been updated to the newer McDonald's style, with booths, high bar tables and TVs. I haven't been in the bathrooms, but I think they're locked, which is a necessity in that neighbourhood, I'd imagine.

OK I know I am reviewing McDonalds but....  The staff/service is so slow I feel like I should be giving THEM food. And are they running a fight club out of there? There is always a brawl. I am going to have to find a new place to go to shame eat. Sigh.  PS Bring back McPizza.

This is probably the worst service Ive ever had at McDonalds. There was a huge line yet there was no sense of urgency. One person was making the sundaes and mcflurries. Needless to say, it took forever. By the time she finished making 8 sundaes and mcflurries, half had melted. The topping for the sundaes had a terrible, funky taste to it. To top it all off, the young lady taking our order was rude. I dont expect much from Mcdonalds but give me a break.

Not the best McDonalds but there is lots of homeless, TTC workers, teens and seniors. Ensure you come at the right time of day .

This McDonalds is located at the Queen west - King west - Queensway and Roncesvalles intersection so there is some traffic but most of the people are just passing through. Being a McDonalds, it serves excellent crappy food from chemical-rich manufactured animals which then get pureed and reconstituted into a fried patty.   I do stop by here from time to time for their small coffee and muffin combo. The muffins used to be quite fresh, but recently I think they use frozen ones that turn into a rock within hours.

This is the worst service. I have ever experienced. Extremely rude customer service, only muffins and coffee available at a 24/7 location, and totally inept staff.  Absolutely unacceptable. I will never go back, and I am appalled at the service I received.

I really only come here because the double hamburgers are slightly cheaper than neighboring McDonald's restaurants. It's really small and it's in a shady area with lots of homeless folk and people who will come in and ask for money. Service is sometimes slow. I once saw a blonde wig in the toilet in the men's washroom; someone had presumptively tried to flush it unsuccessfully. The washrooms overall are pretty clean though. The seats in the booths are torn up and sometimes have pieces of food on them. There's wifi but it's choppy sometimes. No electrical outlets for customer use. I recommend that you do not stay long.

this location is a diamond in the rough, being situated on one of the busiest streetcar corners, this location has got to be one of the best mcd's in toronto. super friendly staff, the food is always hot and fresh, and being that this location is open 24 hours a day garners it alot of business not only from the public, but from TTC workers at the railhouse a stones throw away. this location is always clean and is a good place to chill out if you are transferring lines, or just want to warm/cool up/off a bit while waiting. the best time to come is during the dollar drink days for sure! no parking sadly, as this location is on a corner of an intersection, and parking on the street is a no-no by this location.

It's McDonalds, what can you say, right? I'm actually a McDonalds fan because if I only have $3 in my pocket I can still eat lunch without pulling out the plastic. This location, though, is usually a little slow on the service. You can expect a line up and you will most likely be waiting on something. The point of McDonalds is speediness. They should work on their staffing issues. On the latest trip I was seduced by the new Chicken McBites. Sadly when I got them they are just like McChicken (which I hate, dunno why they can't spice it like the junior) cut in little pieces. So bland. I got the habanero sauce as I like it hot and was also disappointed. It is quite hot but the flavor is vicious. Then I had to wait again in their line up to get a package of McChicken sauce to try to salvage the experience. Boo.

I have been to this McDonald's in the heart of Corso Italia (@ Dufferin and St. Clair) a few times... And boy, let me tell you, it's the worst McDonald's I have ever experienced.   Why?    The service is so ghastly sloooow!  There is always a long line of irritated customers. The best analogy I have for how slow this line moves is the attitude that Patty and Selma from The Simpsons have with their jobs at the DMV, Some days, we don't let the line move at all. We call those weekdays.  The army of staff behind the counter does not translate into fast service.  The staff aren't motivated and they seem to always to be set on chill mode. I have even seen them argue with each other in front of customers.   What's even worse is that this location doesn't even serve the Fillet-o-Fish!    Instead, I got a Big Mac this visit which I suspect has gotten smaller in size than years past.   Nothing could salvage my experience today... Not even the fact that Monopoly is back!

Okay So before i rant off, let me just say that i was almost gonna order a Big Extra because i read that they had it...but changed my mind and got a McChicken instead. So when i was just sitting there eating my not so tasty McChicken i was like Crap i shouldve gotten the Big Extra. Ugh  I wouldn't come back here personally i thought the place looked ranchy. The washrooms were a complete disaster and when i had gotten my order i noticed they didn't have napkins there i had to ask for some. I got about 2 serviettes. Im guessing they're cutting back?   I just should've gotten the big extra, maybe none of this would've happened.

The worst mc Donalds of all time all of there employees should be fired every single one , lazy lazy people the manager too busy trying to pick up all the lil school girls coming in I never seen a mc donalds so bad have had hair in my food numerous times then I complain and get a free meal then I had to blow up on them jus to get it

Horrible drive-thru service.  Absolutely stunned workers.  Line ups 20 min wait. Brutal for fast food.  Not even worth a star.

You can get a Big Xtra here, need I say more? Ok, I'll add a little more.  There are a couple McDonald's in the city where you can still get this gem of a burger. Sure you can order a quarter pounder and modify the toppings to make it a Big Xtra, but chances are that they won't get it quite right. This location has it on the menu. Awesome.  The cleanliness of the dining area can be hit and miss. Sometimes it's well maintained, other times, not so much.  The service here has never been overly quick. But they are friendly.

Where to start with this one. I have no problem with McDonald's at all but this one is just horrible.   I went there on a Saturday morning at 7am and this place was still closed?!!! The elderly wanting their coffee and wanting to sit down have been waiting since 630. Most McDonald's open early and this one none in sight.  I have no problem with teenagers working their but they seem like they dont want to be there and have the worse attitude when it comes with customers. They make the lines wait like crazy.  The bathroom are just the worse. NEVER NEVER NEVER TAKE KIDS TO THIS BATHROOM.  They have boxes for the druggies can put their needles and its easy for lil kids to grab them. My son asked me what there for. This is bad and unhealthy..  The crowd of druggies surrounds the front and picks fight with the customers and none does a thing. I got into a fight with one because he was trying to take my sons happy meal toy.   Truthfully the best time to go is around 730am from monday to friday where its mature people working

If this were any other restaurant, I'd give it 1 star--maybe no stars! But...it's McDonald's, so it automatically gets two stars. Anything less would be un-American!  The food is good, and most of the time I don't encounter any problems with my order. The thing I hate, though, is that I need to plan ahead and make sure I have a book or periodical with me when i go because the service is glacially slow. Seriously, the service at this place makes the process in which organic matter turns into oil look rapid. I have waited over 10 minutes for an order at 8:00 PM...and the staff is very rarely apologetic about the fact that one could kill a cow, obtain the meat, grind it into hamburger, and cook it in less time than it takes to cook a pre-made hamburger and fry up some fries. Honestly, it's so bad that I prefer to drive 15 minutes one way to get good service at the McDonald's on Mayfield in South Euclid.  Maybe it's better that the service is so slow...if it were better, I might go here more often, and my waistline would definitely not like that!

A relatively clean McDonald's, but there is just something about it that never seems quite right.  Perhaps it is the fact that this one is right across the street from Case Western Reserve University, yet on the few times I have gone in, I have never seen any college students.  Very strange, and maybe I am just not going at the right time.  The fries were overdone today, which is a big McD's no-no.

The service here is realllllllllly sloooooooooow...  They seem pretty disorganized and inefficient here, maybe due to understaffing at busy times.  Trying to get your $2 egg McMuffin might take you 20-25 minutes of waiting- I know it did for me!

I love McDonalds and I love this one too. Come here all the time and is such a treat after exams. I'm jealous of the people living in the Triangle!!

let me tell you about the ridiculous situations that occur at this mcdonald's:  one 21 year-old jason f. entered this mcdonald's one cold cleveland thursday night.  jason needed a quick bite to eat before returning to his engineering studies and this mcdonald's was the closest and quickest establishment to his house.   entering the sparse mcdonald's he was immediately aware of only two other patrons, the manager taking their order, and two other employees working the grill.  as he queued up behind the two patrons he overheard their order:  two big mac meals, no sauce; to go.  these patrons, while waiting for their food, began stuffing napkins into their bag.  not one to be taken for a fool, one of the employees started yelling, and the manager told them to take only a few napkins...of course neither the employee or manager were nice, and the patrons were not happy.    jason f began giving his order to the manager..simultaneously the food of the other patrons arrived..the male patron immediately inspected his big macs only to find special sauce.  he started yelling at the employee in the grill, who just yelled back.  he then threw his big mac at said employee, missed, and two special sauce coated all-beef patties, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, and sesame seed buns exploded everywhere.  he then took his soda (your value meal comes with a soda, you know), threw it, and corn syrup erupted like mt st helens.  he then proceeded to demand his money back, while the employees were yelling at him.  the manager took out his cash and threw it on the floor and then threw his change at him while he picked up the money.  he took his money and left...yelling.  three minutes later he came in and tried to buy the food again.  this stuff happens here all the time.   this is most certainly the worst mcdonald's in the world, and quite possibly the worst food establishment ever.  the only thing propping this mcdonald's up is the alcohol induced demand for grease of case students and the near-by east-siders who recognize this as the closest mickeyd's to their neighborhood.

We were the only people here and it took these idiots 16 minutes for an order of chicken nuggets

Literally a 1 STAR because zero stars is not allowed. Waited ten minutes in the drive through. Finally make my order and hear, what was that?  Had to repeat THE ENTIRE ORDER. Fair enough, they are high schools kids or what have you. I get my order that included 4 drinks and the girl was literally PUT OUT that I needed a drink carrier.   Finally get home. Of course my order is wrong. My bad for not checking it. Frustrated, I decide to call. I get someone on the phone and politely ask for the manager. The girl I spoke with was pleasant enough and we had NO problem communicating.   The MANAGER (named Mary) gets on the phone, I explain why I am upset.  All I hear is, Hello?  Are you there?  Are you on a cell phone? And then she HANGS UP ON ME!!!!  Seriously!  It is McDonalds - it is quick, easy and will surely give my family heart conditions if we keep going. But, they are also a part of the SERVICE INDUSTRY!    Aside from that, I was charged for food I did not receive and when I called about it, I wasn't just ignored, I was treated as a nuisance.   NEVER AGAIN!  I will sooner kick the kids a tornado from Speedway than deal with this nonsense again!

Today was my first time to go inside to eat. My first issue is they've changed their parking lot. There is now no parking up against the building. The handicapped spots are in front of the building but the entrances are on the side. Let me tell you, if you have an 87 yr old mother with a cart of oxygen to drag and a brain disease that makes falls way too easy, this is not a good location for handicapped parking!!! The second issue is exactly what Edward H mentioned in his review--they let the extremely loud alarms on the fryers and whatever else just keep going and going. It's got to be louder than a firehouse during an alarm, and so annoying if you're eating there. The seating is pretty limited, again not friendly to the disabled--about half the seating was at high stools/tables. The play area appeared to be larger than the dining room seating area. The food was ok, it was hot and they got my special order right.

A huge company like this goes cheap on their WiFi, unable to stream any vids, bathrooms are usually dirty.

The rudest and worst service I've ever gotten. The girl screamed at me when I said  8 times I wanted a number 10 then didn't give me my change back just shut the window.

Be warned.  The worst McDonalds in existence.  They make the food bad.  Not just McDonalds' bad... worse.  Every time I get into the drive through I ask, Why do I punish myself? (Because I like the sausage burrito) It is almost so bad I want to write McDs, and tell them.  But it's McDonalds.

The girl at the window redeemed the lousy experience and the wait time.  She had a way about her that made you not get upset for waiting.  She apologized and just was genuinely sorry that we had to wait so long.  I don't know if that is because she is always apologizing because the wait time is always lousy but it redeemed our stop.   Just grabbed a snack to eat but everything was hot and fresh.  It is McDonalds.  They at least have figured out the standardization thing and one McDonald's is like all other McDonald's.

Dear McDonald's: I want to love you like a fine sturdy pup loves his master. But you let me down.  I went in which was a mistake because the parking lot is wild and you can die in it. I ordered a ghetto mac which is a double cheese burger with big mac sauce. You order the ghetto mac when you don't want to pay for the real big mac and you want one just the same. All you don't get is salad and the middle bun both which is girlie anyhow.  They didn't know what a ghetto mac was and they tried to jack me for the full tilt on a big mac and I got pissy and caused a scene and the manager gave me the ghetto mac and I ate on it standing right there and ordered another with my mouth full. I did not get good customer service but I did get another ghetto mac and all y'all sons a' bitches in line waiting for me to finish my meal ought to stand down and give a gentleman his personal space.  I just want my personal space.  My private area.  Anyway, go there and get you a ghetto mac since it tastes great. Sweet Tea is too sweet and you might pass out on Route 8 heading down into the sour Cuyahoga Heights area. Whatever. Like automobile accidents don't happen all the time.  McDonald's, I wanted to have a conversational epistolary review but I forgot and now I am not cool like all the other people who start their reviews addressing the place they are reviewing. I can live with the guilt since this review is great anyway.

The service at this McDonald's get slower every time I visit. Doesn't matter if I go to the counter or use the drive-through. Actually, waiting in my car is preferable, as the two times I tried going to the counter the interior of the restaurant was very dirty. Sticky/dirty floors and sticky counter-tops. Yuck. The only reason I didn't give one-star is that the actual food, once received, was quite good and up to McDonald's usual standards. (Good for the fast food category anyways lol...)

Charged incorrectly for the 10th time in a row.  SMH. What do you expect for minimum wage

Easily the most annoying McDonalds in the area. Staff are quite variable in quality and do not seem to know how to turn off the very loud alarms, carbonated drinks often aren't, problems are not fixed over time (their drink machine has been dysfunctional for at least the past six months), etc. On the plus side, it is clean and conveniently located, and the food is what you expect except for the drinks.

Never go to this McDonald's. I don't know about indoor service, but drive-thru service is nearly always rude, impolite, and does not care about your order being correct. I've had very few good experiences through this McDonald's, and those times have normally been when the older staff is working (and not the 'high schoolers').  Last time I went there, I got a Quarter Pounder, McChicken, and fries. I got home, opened my Quarter Pounder box and to my surprise, it appeared to have a bite taken out of the meat. I can't be positive that it was a bite, but it looked like it (it's possible that the meat slipped from a pair of tongs and it ripped a bite-like piece out of the patty). I was not willing to take the chance on eating that and threw it out.  This McDonald's has completely ruined my experience with the company. Looking for good fast food service? Skip this place and go to the Wendy's, Arby's, or Chick-Fil-A down the street (where service is always good and orders are correct often).

Should have checked before leaving but I ordered a 20 pc nuggets for a few of us and instead they packed two McChicken sandwiches. The receipt clearly stated chicken nuggets. Maybe their employees can't read?

Worst McDonalds ever, ordered 4 mcchickins and 4 mcdoubles and a halfcut sweet tea with no ice. I got sweet tea with ice and only 3 mc chickens and 3 mcdoubles. And when we called back they said sorry an hung up

It'a mcdonalds of course it's good. I give it a 3 to let people know that their drive-thru is the slowest I have ever been through.  time I go there. I hate it makes me so mad. They aren't even an option anymore because they are so slow. Tbell and rally's are super fast and good enough. Pick up the speed!!

I strongly urge anyone thinking about purchasing fast food from this location 3752 W 150th st to take the extra time and move on to an other McDonald's.I cannot count the times that my orders were shorted.I cannot count the times that I was told to pull over and wait only to have my order given to another family in another car.Save yourself the grief and frustration and do not patronize this McDonald's.

Worst mcdonalds store. All employees are not happy, not enthusiastic to work. The cashier was not even smiling. They should should just call in sick if they are not happy to work.

This is quite possibly the slowest McDonald's I've ever been to.  There's two drive thru lanes, but all this does it confuse the workers.  I've placed orders and by the time I reach the cashier she's forgotten it and I am often asked Which order was yours?.  A few months ago I pulled in around 8am on a Sunday.  I was the only car in the drive thru but no one would answer the speaker.  Finally I drove around and went in to order.  I saw all of the employees standing in the back laughing and joking, no one was up at the counter.  When the counter employee finally saw me, she gave a huge sigh and acted like I was bothering her by being there.  I have occasionally gone there around 4-5am and am not surprised to be waiting up to ten minutes for food.  No, that's not an exaggeration, I timed it at a few seconds over 10 minutes last trip (with only two cars ahead of me).  I know it's a McD's and I'm not expecting a five star dining experience but the wait times can get ridiculous.  As far as the food goes, I haven't had an awful experiences.  They usually get my order right and the food is what you'd expect at a McD's, you're just going to wait an awful long time for it.

Worst McD's in the entire state of Ohio. Never go here unless you want your order fucked up. Don't they have idiot proof ordering systems in there? I see them beeping and whirring away. Yet any time you come here, you don't get the right food. I should know better. Check the bag. There you go McDonald's, a new slogan for ya. CHECK THE BAG, BITCH. It's my fault for coming here. Oy vey, what a festering shithole of incompetence. I hope none of these people reproduce.

Worst McDonalds ever seems to be theme here and I agree. Plan on spending 30 minutes in the drive thru. WTF.  And obviously they know how bad they are  because they have printed cards for a free value meal for JUST THIS LOCATION. And they give them out like candy as a way of saying Sorry, we suck.

Never had an issue here. I always get an iced coffee (great deal) and maybe a breakfast item or a strawberry pie. Ppl sure so have high expectations...for a McDonalds. This one is actually pretty good considering...the one on Memphis now there's a shit show.

I know this is mcdonalds, but I've been going to this one for 20 years and it is still by far the slowest service of any.  Late at night I think they only have one girl doing everything, taking the orders, collecting the money, cooking the food, and handing it out the window.  This is probably a management and staffing problem.  I go next door to rallys and I'm in and out in no time, and they are very friendly at rally's.  It's hit or miss at this mcdonalds.

Sat in the drive thru forever with no service. Even as cars lined up behind me the girl was only taking orders from the other lane. I finally gave up after the 3rd time she took the other lanes order over mine. This is by far the worst McDonald's in Cleveland if not the entire state

I would give one star but out of my last three visits this month, I had one good visit. My first visit, some hobo had a long conversation with me in the dining room about how he helps out the store by changing their trash and other things, which I'm sure is illegal, that visit my food was fresh though, which makes it worth it for me. Second visit the lady up front had her back to the counter while she was stocking which is fine, but the thing was she noticed I was there and NEVER acknowledged me. Another worker came up and asked her if she took my order than she turned around and looked at me than turned back around and took a drive thru order on her headset. I get people worry about their timers cause sometimes the management get upset if they're bad timers but dang, she totally neglected the front counter. Then I overheard them talking to a customer on drive thru about how they weren't accepting credit cards that night so I just walked out. I believe in second chances though so I came back a few weeks later and got perfect service from one of the night time managers, she was really tall and African American but I don't remember seeing her name, very nice lady. Food was again fresh, which was perfect. She made up for those first two times I ever visited this store.

I needed some food fast - and so opted for fast food!  Ordered a Filet O' Fish sandwich and a bottle of water.  Sandwich was made to order - hot and delicious! The cheese was melted just right, the tartar sauce was perfect, and the bun was soft and fresh.  Hit the spot!

Craving fries and a coke. Took me 20 minutes to get through the drive thru. There was only 4 people in front of me. I had to pull up and wait for my drink. Then they forgot about me. I had to go inside and ask for it. What the hell. That's what I get for cheating on my diet.

There's waiting in line in a Fed-Ex, and then there's this. Test the limits of the human condition, today, now for free at a McDonalds made entirely by satan himself.

Worst McDonald's ever. The staff here really don't give a crap; they are the slowest staff I have ever experienced. It's not for a lack of staff either, there's always plenty of staff when I've been there. They just seem to move at a glacial pace. There is always a line up, but they don't seem to care.

The staff here are terrible. We came in and made a large order and they just couldn't stop arguing with us. The line got so long that the people behind us starting complaining. The staff responded with very sassy tones, disregarded their complaints, and reminded them that the kiosk is there for a reason.  It's one thing to argue about a large order that is placed, but it's another to disrespect another person, let alone YOUR CUSTOMER(s).   Although the order that we placed was made very swiftly, I will not be coming back.

This place is not great, it's familiar.  It's the local Mc Choke n' Pukes in Parkdale and therefore the local gathering spot for every business person, working poor and general miscreant in the neighbourhood.  It's often riddled with sketchy people at all hours of day and night, so the clubbers will see the down and out drugged out or passed out from drink/meds and just trying to sleep out of the cold in various corners.  The tables are dirty and covered with far too many napkins used and not used, the garbage is overflowing, the drink lids are sticky, and the service is hit and miss.  Sometimes the cashiers are rude, sometimes not as rude.  The food has never upset my stomach which for me is the main selling point. Most people don't go to Mickie d's for the ambiance, so take it with a grain of salt.  It's by far not the cleanest place, but it's not the worst either.  For the locals i think it suits us fine.  If you want clean and to spend more money, check out liberty village down the road.

This mcdonalds has been upgraded and looks great now. They have the interactive touch screens for self serve ordering and all kinds of nice upgraded additions. Feels more modern with today's technology. I love it :D

The shittiest McDonalds in the city.  The people who run this obviously don't care. Why not? There's plans to knock down the plaza and build condos.  The service here is reprehensible. They rarely get the order right. Its damn near impossibe for these people to even get COFFEE right.  There are countless homeless people who come in to bother customers, and they do nothing about it. There are vagrants who hang around the front of the restaurant, begging for change, coffee stickers, etc...and some will even go into the garbage to fish out a cup, or leftover fries.  Very often, during the night, the restaurant will look like a garbage compactor threw up. The staff have absolutely no pride in their work, as it shows with the condition of the restaurant.   McDonalds is supposed to be a family restaurant, but the music they have on in the background is hardly family friendly. I would never let kids listen to top 40 music, especially with the uncensored nature of the lyrics.  If they're short staffed, they need to hire people. There's no excuse for this location whatsoever.

Thank God I don't eat McDonald's food but I truly love their coffee so when I'm working in the area this is the McDonald's where I have to get my coffee fix- so three times a week at 1:30 PM I walk in and there's two cashiers working and a lineup of people a mile long waiting to be served- isn't 1:30pm still considered lunchtime ??? it just boggles my mind and it's so frustrating waiting for large coffee to go  to be made by six people behind the counter chatting laughing giggling and not doing much of anything. But I need my coffee fix I have no other choice so I will stand their roll my eyes secretly and wait for my $2.00 coffee.

Absolutely the worst McDonald's I've ever been to, and I've been to a lot. Drive through took 25 minutes and when we got to the window they didn't have our order. We had to wait another 5 minutes at the window and then they got our order wrong. The staff doesn't know what they're doing. They even forgot to take our money. Unreal.

It's so dirty managers have attitude staff are slow and not focused on customer service

Wow, worst wait ever.  Went there at 3 am and waited in the drive through for 25 mins.  I know I was late, but if you can't get a quick burger and fries in less than 10 mins in 2017 - then you slippin, McDonalds.

People who have lived around a McDonald's will know they all have kind of a personality with their clientele. This McD's is no exception. This locale's specialty is daily get-togethers of the local... older, special people. You know the ones, they get their McCafe, go to the toilets, and you seem them on your way outside the McD's sitting on the floor against a building wall, with the McCafe cup presented for generous income. They'll sit together, and as soon as one of their crew walks in they could yell out his name, happy to be together in a McD's. That's this McD's personality. You usually see the same crowd of people there, the local kids out of school, Filipino adults out of work, and many old white people with a spiritual wolf of the woods t shirt. But it's all good. It's McDonald's, it's reliable, it's what you want, and it's open 24 hours for our greatest enjoyment. Just don't always use the toilet if you can avoid it. They're CLEAN, but you never know what that last shady guy you just saw leaving could have done there. Also they're too small for the crowd I find.

A two-star average at this McDonald's as of this writing, so I gave it three, because I'm waiting in line for so long it gave me the time to write this review.   Today, the drive through has a garbage can in the way - staff's way of letting customers know it's out of order - some customers manage to steer around the garbage can and sit in the drive thru to no avail; sadly humorous, in a way...  Pull up to the drive through window? Get ignored...  Go inside and wait so long, you leave a Yelp review - only one register open, with an incompetent trainee who needs help for every transaction of numerous people ahead of me - the poor guy help the trainee is clearly bottling up frustration...   You know what? I'll give it two stars, and that's generous tonight.   This McDonalds is a decent experience about half the time - just enough to remind you to go elsewhere before too long - a good deterrent that will break your streak if you're hooked!

This place is absolutely disgusting.   I have never been so repulsed by a restaurant. When we walked in, the place was like a barn. There were used spoons, cups and cardboard containers near the drink fountain and ketchup dispenser. The garbage bins were overflowing and many tables were dirty. I know  should have complained. I also know that people are not going to stop going to this Mcdonalds but I certainly hope someone who has authority that works there is reading this. Very disappointed.

Waited 1 hour for my 2 combos in the drive thru. The manager is absolutely useless. The employee started swearing at the customer at the window because he's stressed out that 10 cars are waiting 1 hour for their cheeseburger and fries and chicken nuggets. Worst McDonald's in the district and won't be coming back again. The district need to replace the manager because this restaurant is a mess.   By the way. Notify the customers in the drive thru before they order that there's an issue with the kitchen or you will take 1 hour to make fast food so customer can drive away and order from another McDonald's before their vehicle is stuck in drive thru.  Also, tell your employees to not use the F word with the customers in drive through.

I was served a frozen junior chicken here, and I complained to head office, and it has been SIX MONTHS and they still haven't done anything about it! I could have gotten food poisoning and it just seems like they don't care! I know it's McDonald's and I shouldn't have high expectations but at the very least I expect this gross excuse for an attempt at a meal to be at least cooked! AT LEAST thawed! The only reason I even are that much of the sandwich was because I was driving in downtown rush hour traffic, and I thought the cold stuff I was eating was just McChicken sauce...

This is one of the new All Day Breakfast locations. Since sausage and egg mcmuffins have been my jam since I could chew, I have gone ahead and added an extra star.

I like the idea of their summer promo.  $1 for any sized pop or iced coffee.  Cool!  I love a good deal!  Plus, their vanilla iced latte is a high calorie (so bad...so good) yummy beverage.  Or so I thought so.   I was at work and just finished drinking the iced coffee I got from this McD's drive thru.  I had literally just thrown the empty cup in the garbage.  My coworker comes in and says that she just got an iced coffee from this spot (from their drive thru too) and it had a cockroach in it.  Mmmm....iced coffee, now served with cockroaches!  Is that's why it is so cheap for the summer?!

The worst run McDonald's ever,  usually go to these places to gain weight but I felt I lost it waiting for 30 minutes for 2 mcflurrys. Don't train new staff at peak times and stop closing up an hour before your restaurant closing time is scheduled. Poor staff and poor management

I am not a huge fan of the golden arches but I can't really complain about their breakfast... It's cheap, quick, tasty and soaks up alcohol like a charm!  Move over people of Walmart because the patrons at this McDonalds are some of the sketchiest people I have ever seen! Despite this the staff is nice, quick and generally competent. These three things are key and given how much bullshit they endure (man smelling of urine dumps $10 is pennies on their counter and proceeds to count them out loud!), I am surprised I still get served with a smile.  This location has also recently gone under renovation and it looks like they will be the test location for the new McDonalds cafe. Since there are no coffee joints in this immediate area, I am sad to say that this news made me very happy :-)

They will mess up your order and/or make you wait a long time to get it. Nothing wrong with the food itself, although had the most disgusting coffee of my life here, watery and gross, didn't taste like coffee at all. It's McDonald's, with a little less consistency at this location.  They deal with crazies from Parkdale all day long so it's kind of understandable, but between how much EVERYONE complains about their orders being messed up here, super long wait times, and them just straight up forgetting your order, it's kind of embarrassing.

For some reason, I end up here after drinking nights. I don't know this area of town at all but found myself here on 4 different occasions. Two times after  Concerts at the Molson Amphitheatre and the other times after drinking on King / Queen west. The restaurant tends to be messy but could be because it tends to be filled with drunk people at that time. Great people watching though - You see some interesting people. After my McChicken combo and hamburger on the side, I grab a cab outside and head back to Markham in the wee hours of the morning.   BK

I would give no stars if i could... they're supposedly open for 24 hours but they CLOSE at 3am to get ready for breakfast which starts at 6am? I don't see why they need to close the restaurant for 3 hours to cook eggs and sausages when they're supposed to be open 24 hours and if they do close for 3 hours prior to the actual breakfast start time they should have unlimited supply for breakfast and yet people have to wait for them to make our food cause they have to cook more... false advertisement? I mean they do have a huge 24 hour sign there for a reason...

I love McDonald's and this location is the worst I've ever been too (Canada or US).  Last night I got in line in the drive-thru and tried to order a salad (No Salads- at all). Ok, I'll have a filet o' fish (No Filet o' Fishes), ok, well I'll have whatever you do have. When I got to the cash, I asked if perhaps I could get a coupon to make the next visit a little better since nothing I wanted on the menu was available. The cashier reluctantly said yes, left for a few minutes, then came back and said her manager said no.   I got the food home in about 5 minutes and it was entirely inedible.   I like McDonald's a lot, but in this case, Burger King across the street would have been a better bet (Burger King!!!). Insanity. Horrible.

The local Mickey D's. The one everyone in the hood knows and goes to.   If you were a kid growing up in Parkdale you have at least one story about this place. You probably came here for some kid's birthday party when they offered those here. The old ball pit was probably where you caught your first contagious childhood virus (Probably why it's not there anymore). A nerd growing up? You probably got your lunch stolen here once.   This Mcdonalds is in the lower spectrum of Mcdonalds the world has to offer. The place is dirty and smells of pee. All day, everyday, the tables are sticky or just plain messy. The service is pretty bad since you'll probably be served by a bunch of teens who probably forgot about the fast in fast food. The food? Well you should know what to expect. It's not like this place does things different when it comes to the Big Mac.   Yep, there isn't much to say about my local Mcdonalds. It is of course, just a Mcdonalds.

I WILL never come to this one again. Customer service sucks. The blonde girl who looked like a mabager wasnt even paying attention to handing us our food. She was busy talking to someone else while handing us our food. The food was BEYOND cold. Just never again, waste of my money!!!!!

All I wanted to try was their breakfast sausage McMuffin as advertised, 2 for $3. Instead I got an employee that refused to give me the advertised special (that was plastered on the marquee, AND the window, AND the lighted menu board) because it was not time for breakfast. Mind you, I could not see any restrictions posted anywhere. Bait and switch?  He insisted that we had to pay full price for it. I was too tired to argue so I ordered some burgers instead and walked away. It happened during the Thursday 10/15/2015 evening shift (around 9 pm). Either fix the signs or fix the employees.

This McDonald's is horrible, I waited 30 minutes for my food just to have the manager call me a very inappropriate name in Mexican. Luckily I took Mexican freshman year of high school and was able to de-code her very inappropriate message to mí. Lol get it. Anyways the food quality was very poor too.

Slowest McDonalds ever!!! It's just past dinner time and they can't get a Big Mac and fries out in less than 20 minutes

Drive thru service has been both prompt and efficient.  Staff has always been courteous. Food?  Eh, it's McDonalds.  Burgers taste like a blend of cardboard and some ground beef. Gkaf they put pickles and onions in them to give them a little more hamburger taste.   Soda is usually good, cold and refreshing. In general I haven't been a McD's fan since sometime in the mid-eightiess.

It's been 2 1/2 years since I posted my original review and this McDonald's still sucks!  We have learned to drive to the McDonald's on Alma School near Ocotillo as it has much better food and service.

Always fast service and very clean. The employees are always friendly. I was even addressed by my name as on my debit card! They take the extra step and always thank you for your visit and welcome you back for future visits.

Worst wait times ive ever had for this chain.. and after all the wait the fokd comes out wrong %100 percent of the time. How hard is it to not put certain condiments on your food?

The staff at this store is completely illiterate to anything you tell them, have serious attitude problems & are horrible at customer engagement. I went through the drive through last night and was greeted by a child in the window , he could not have been older then 10. Following that, a guy with name tag Jose was staring at me giving me a dirty look, shaking his head and walking around like he was the owner. This really confused me ? Is McDonalds new sales tactic to scare there customers? Not impressed. The manger arcillia was of course not available  she was in the bathroom. I'm pretty sure that if McDonald's new about this they would not be happy. I will never go to Mcdonalds again , it was a horrible experience and they will not be getting my service again.

I asked for fresh fries and it took 10 mins to get them. The manager was leaving and had to go in and remind them to bring them. They weren't hot so I called in and they said they would send me a gift card, I've yet to receive it.

This McDonalds impresses me.   Clean, organized and the employees are always friendly.   Henry in the Drive-thru is the best! Food has been hot and good quality

Fast and friendly drive thru service. Busy location at Riggs and AZ Avenue. Nothing better than an iced cold Coke from McDonalds.

I used to like McDonald's but I'm getting older and like other restaurants.

Regular Fast food for our Mcdouble hamburger and Vanilla milk shake. One mistake today.....my vanilla turned chocolate milk shake.

Now that I have come clean to the Yelp community about my occasional dabbles with chains I feel it is best to cut right to the quintessential original chain.  I myself very seldom get anything from McDonald's but I have kids that enjoy their french fries and the wraps they affectionately call Crap Snacks  Additionally my wife is not a coffee drinker and her preferred caffeine delivery method is diet coke.  So the fast food joints not infrequently get the business for the diet cokes.  The reason this particular McDonald's bears yelping is that it holds a singular record, one that I am at this point hoping it will maintain.  Once a record is set I sometimes loathe to see it fall.  You see, this particular McDonald's has been visited by myself or members of my immediate family not less than 12 times.  On not one of those occasions have they produced a mistake free order.  Not once.  It's really rather remarkable.  It's not like we routinely order dramatic variations such as No ketchup or the dreaded Can you put Big Mac onions on that?  Yet they have steadfastly achieved at least one mistake on each and every order, without exception.    On the occasions when we visit this McDonald's we now wait with baited breath while someone checks the bag and confirms that yes, indeed there is something we did not order in the bag or we are missing something we did order or something we ordered is not right.  Please, in the name of all that is Mass Consumerism in America, do not get this order correct!  We have standards!  There are bigger issues at play here!

Worst McDonald's I have ever been in . Only one person can ring that is the manager. Can't see why you pay. 70 more for a mcdouble over a double cheeseburger. Never ordered one before no difference but you get more cheese on the double and it is cheaper manager to busy to talk to me. Would not be back.

We went there last night around 7:45 pm and the tables and floor were very dirty, especially the floor in the back prep area. I'm not sure when it was cleaned last. The manager was behind the counter yelling at the workers like they were her children. I felt  embarrassed. She got after the kids to clean up, and they didn't. They only checked the garbage. If I were the manager there are two young boys I would have fired on the spot. The kids seemed disrespectful and lazy toward the manager. The one bright spot is that the manager got after some customers who tried to tried to scam free soda.

This McDonalds is improving but slowly. The drive through speaker is usually broken, the parking lot pocked and uneven, and the service terse. Choose another one if you can.

Yay...polite and very fast for a busy mcdonalds.

Nice hard working people here, but this place is the opposite of fast food, the meals come out very slow! I came in for a happy meal and left with a social security check and a medicare card! Not loving it! Come in if you are not hungry...

I've been to this outlet a few times in the D and the only problem I've experienced have been long lines.  I stopped in Friday night before the fireworks at the Plaza and got a shamrock shake.  There were two people at the register and the wait was short as things moved along quickly.  Their Apple pay works and I had my drink in good time.  I'll stop again when I need something from McDonald's and I'm near here.

This was for a visit in February 2016...just very late posting.  Easily the worst food experience I've ever had!!  Well, not surprising considering its McDonalds.  After a nice evening of gambling and enjoying Fremont Street, I decided on some food. Mind you, this was after multiple drinks. Thanks Jodi and Jenny.   So, around 2am, there was about 12 people in line. Being a fan of the dollar menu, I was trying to decide on what to order, but the screen kept changing every 3 seconds which made it nearly impossible to decide.  By the time it was my turn, I still didn't know what I wanted. And the cashier was very rude and demanded I place my order (pointing to all the other people in line). I said, hold on, your menu changes so fast I can't decide what I want. She could care less and kept badgering me to hurry up and order. I finally ended up speaking to the manager, which of course was useless.   In the end, I got my $1-2 items.  This shit is so bad, it couldn't pass for dog food. I'm surprised it's even legal to sell this horrible excuse for food. But again, its McDonalds. What do you expect?

If I could give zero stars I would. Horribly slow to generate orders and then they screw up the orders totally. Worst McD on the planet!

Yes, I went to a McDonald's while in Vegas.  I even went twice *gasp*   The first time was because my friend and I felt that we had lost enough at the blackjack table, so we went to McD's to drown our sorrows in some milkshakes and McFlurries while practicing with a deck of card and some nickels.  The second time was because we hadn't eaten lunch, but we knew we wouldn't be able to make it until dinner :)  So we stopped really quickly for some fries...and more McFlurries ;)  The service isn't the quickest, but they are friendly and the food is good!  Stop in for a quick treat!

Every employee looks like they are miserable. They don't have regular mc chickens only spicy! Rude and disrespectful ...

Friendly, fast and efficient. Management and employees very friendly.   Most afternoons; iced coffee w/ shot of espresso!

Cashier was very rude and inpatient.   While we were trying to finish out big order she kept rushing us which made us loose track of whose order it was on. Then she charged 2 same things when we just wanted one. There was too long of a line to try to get a refund but anyways. Customer service could be better.   Foods came out at a decent time.

Never been more insulted,  a few minutes ago by Jeanine. Rude, unprofessional and didn't even give me 20 seconds to order,  she asked me to step aside because she had other people that wanted to order. What all two of the customers? If you are in customer service,  learn how to treat customers accordingly. I get it that you hate your job, but don't take it out on me.

This location has the have be worse turn over rate. Every time you go in it's different people. Same with the managers. Lunch is supposed to start at 11 however they pick and chose the time, sometimes as late as 11:15. They have no disregard for people who are on their lunch break. The workers talk crap between each other about their manager right in front of customers!

Cash only. Line one for busy night. Stinks in here. Bums everywhere. Was so nasty in here. The employees were rude. The lady was taking orders like in 1950 and was so slow and dodmt know how to do orders.

This McDonald's has been operating at this location for a long time, but I do not see it listed on Yelp until today. Maybe the reason it hasn't been added into Yelp is because nobody wanted to remember or wanted to come back. The food itself is nothing spectacular and would fall under lower scale when comparing with other McDonald's locations. I would have given this place 3 stars if it wasn't for the manager/supervisor (the person overseeing the front counter and handling the food to customers.) Unlike the cashiers who are normally friendly, these so called supervisors are arrogant, rude, unfriendly, and sometimes incompetent. There have been a few times that they handed me wrong orders, which I only found out after I brought it back to the office. C'mon, how hard is it to give customers what they ordered?????? I'm done with this place. SMH.

They were cool, they just get a lot of business.Customer service was pretty good and they work as fast as they can..  Please don't expect much, Its just a McDonalds. Ya know,the kind of  place you go to before all the buffets open.That should help bring things back into better perspective. If this doesn't cut it, go a little further east(across the street), and spend $15 for a breakfast at Du pars if you need that sit down feeling.

These people here are retards. Caught them overcharging my friend for his senior coffee. Then they got my order of two coffees wrong three times in a row. Dude was a punk too shaking his head and acting like a jerk. I think life's gonna be a long road for him.

Went here after work for a quick Mickey D fix. I had order a 6 piece chicken nuggets meal. Sorry to say but I think it will be my last time here. Don't get me wrong, the food tasted fine by my insides didn't think so.

Ended up going to this particular one since we were waiting to pick up my brother's girlfriend from UNLV, so we decided to chill there.  My boyfriend and I just ordered a large fries and one of the Happy Meal toys as well as two ice coffees. The food and drinks are the same as any typical stuff you would get at any other location.   There was free Wi-Fi, but it was super slow, so I ended up switching back to using my data on my phone.   Their play area was closed due to repairs needing to be made, but somehow two kids were able to slip through the doors leading to the play area and started using the equipment for their amusement. The staff should have seriously made sure those doors were locked or there could have been a lawsuit if the kids got hurt.

The Mickey D's breakfast vibe was strong in the work space and several of us were looking for some extra calories to fuel the early morning mental dash.  Given there was four of us with one getting a meal for another be opted to go inside.  Chaos an only describe the inside.  The wait, the ordering process, the retrieval of food seemed very disorganized and confusing.  When my order did pop up I did a quick cursory inspection of the two bags and was out the door.  We orbited the drive-thru (which is long) and noticed it was full of cars.  I was initially thankful we went indoors to make our orders.  It was only when we arrived back at the office did I notice that I was not F&*%ed at drive-thru but F%$#ed in the interior.  My order was wrong and.....I am ashamed to admit...I did not notice they did not give me my coffee (no exclamation mark needed).  And so began the internal debate with myself, just whose responsibility was it to make sure I got my coffee?  I then decided it was both mine and theirs,,,but mostly theirs.  When I am starving in the morning from here on out, I will just wait for lunch.

Enough is ENOUGH!!! This has to be the worst McDonald's.....IN THE WORLD!! This is the closest McDonald's to where we live and i am willing to drive farther to avoid this place. They move at a snails pace and cant get any simple orders correct. Watch out as they do not give any receipts to your order and when they mess up and you go back to complain or get your order correct....the manager will ask where is your receipt??? This place is the absolute worst customer service and incapable employees.

This place is dirty bunch of high school kids works here which they don't  care about service

Service was terrible, food took forever to come out, cashier was rude, need I say anything else

Breakfast for the family and kids.  8 of us.  Messed up the whole order.  Missing hot cakes, missing eggs, missing yogurt parfait, four napkins, four ketchups...  1 star.  BUT WHAT DO YOU EXPECT FROM A MACDONALDs IN VEGAS!

THEY were pretty eager to close I dont blame them. But overall the staff got my egg mcmuffin and managed to put only a little ketchup on it. Even though the task was out of the ordinary to put ketchup on an egg mcmuffin somehow they managed to figure it out.

I was kinda upset during my last visit here. Normally, I pay using my debit card but on this occasion I had cash. So here comes the disappointment... As the cashier goes to hand me my change she drops some of it! (Note: I'm in the drive thru so it is not easily retrivable.) She then looks and shrugs here shoulders and kept it pushing! I looked like WTH?!?!?!? She didn't open the drawer and give me correct change nothing she dropped my change and kept it pushing! I've never experienced this before. They have always corrected the change when THEY drop it. I mean she dropped it before I even put my had out the cat window. I'm like come on now... I didn't drop it! Its not MY fault. Urgh! Anyways this experience was overall annoying and off putting!

I don't think this McD has ever been remodeled. Other than a badass painting of the McKingdom, there was another thing hanging on the wall which was pretty much a quilt with like cactus (cacti) sewn in to it and there was another case that had a bunch of old pins and buttons and I don't think there was a pin that was made later than 1982 or something. One was for McDonalds Pizza  This thing (the painting) was pretty badass though, that's why I took the pic. It's like 10' x 6'. I think it was dated 1979. Which makes sense considering that Mayor McCheese is there and the McKingdom is there too  I swear that place has been forgotten in time. Not only did it have the vintage artwork but the soda fountain was probably from the 80's as well because the ice machine and sodas were completely separate machines and there was a pay phone outside but it wasn't right outside the store, it was across the parking lot kind of in the bushes and had some weird phone company that I never heard of on it. Plus it had an electronic sliding door on the main entrance and the Play Place was outdoors and even had a sing that said Please Do Not Feed The Birds. Such a weird place. It's cool because it reminds of the way McDonald's was when I was a kid but it's scary because it's not intentionally retro, it just never changed...  It's quite the experience. It's like the Classic McDonald's on Flamingo .....but a different kind of classic.

Being next to umc this place has a very getto vibe.  Need to get someone to enter the code to get into the unairconditioned bathroom.  other then that just a regular mcd.

I was not impressed with my visit this time to this location. Suprisingly it was by someone who is a shift manager who was working the window. How can you take my order over the speaker and still have a conversation with another employee? It took her several tries to get my order right!! Then when I get to the window she doesn't even say hi or tell me my total just puts her hand out for payment. As I gave her my card I asked her to please give me jelly and extra syrup and butter. All she did was smile when I said thank you. Took them a good 15 minutes to get my stuff as she was a way from window by the inside counters talking to employees. When she finally gave me my order I reasked that I got the jelly and syrup and she goes to reach to get some and then says OH its in the bag.  Now I ordered Big Breakfast with Hotcakes and Bacon, two sausage and egg mcmuffins, hashbrown and a coke. When I got home I got everything BUT the HASH Browns!!!! I was to get two of them one with the Big Breakfast and the extra one I ordered. UGGG it was on my receipt. the name on the receipt stated KS #15. So not right especially by someone in Management

This McDonald's is really bad place to go. This was my first visit to McDonald's in my life and that was horrible. I don't understand how people can it that kind of food - it's fat and greasy. I think it's even not real meat they use for hamburgers.

The only McDonald's that might be this bad is the Page, Arizona! There is McDonald's even in Paris and many throughout Canada. There may racism issues at both locations. The staff is very rude, bathrooms are terrible and you must make them look at the receipt on the coffee refills or they make a scene. The most unclean McDonalds I have seen!

This McDonald's in Viva Las Vegas is particularly nice and clean.  The parking lot is pretty easy to navigate in and out of with the busy traffic on W Charleston and the restaurant's close proximity to the freeway.  Great place to grab your morning coffee and breakfast and take a lil break and relax.  The food has consistently been quality and fresh tasting, the service very good.  Nice plus?  Close proximity to the hospital. Bring your own coffee and nosh when you're headed over to visit a friend in the hospital.  Bring 'me a little breakfast danish or cookie as a treat!

Took 20 minutes for them to get 2 large fries ready. On top of that their workers have quite an attitude. Worst McDonalds ever.

The food was good, fast service and the manager was really nice to the kids ! The place is spacious and a good playground for the kids.

Joke.. 20 min and they didn't even put my order in... place is a joke... I wish the owner would address their poor employees and service..

If they went any slower, I would have grown a man beard. Which is difficult seeing how I am a woman. I'm sitting in the drive through as I write this. I've been here for 10 minutes without moving and there are only two of us in line. Let me get out my shaving kit... while I wish I cared so little of deadlines and time constraints, I just want my coffee, dangit!

I used to go to this one a lot (when fast food was a regular staple in my diet, in my 20's, when my metabolism was faster, and when exercise was not such a priority)- this is one of the older ones in town.   Recently, we went through the Drive-Thru window for some fruit smoothies. There were a couple cars in front of us. Clear mike, speedy checkout, nice girls, the correct order, and great-tasting smoothies.   We only go to McD's for a few things (parfait, cone, and sometimes the breakfast sandwich) and even then, it's pretty sporadic- maybe a few times a year, because of the lifestyle changes we made since maintaining our weight.

Slow, incompetence, had to go in and get my food after they said they will bring it out.  15 minutes for fries no salt. Their excuse there is only 2 of us here. Had to remind them to give us everything we ordered.  Really!!! After I left the worst nuggets ever. Argh!!!!!

I called this McDonald's at 04:55 pm today December 1, 2016, a guy answer the phone all dry McDonald's? Then I asked him his name he held the phone then he got back on the phone I ask for a Manager he put me on hold; I stayed on hold til 05:20 pm so when someone picked up the phone without saying anything. So I hope they heard me,I said I'M going on Yelp right now. Whoever it was didn't care they just held the phone. A manager never came to the phone I heard conversations one guy happy he was getting off a 6pm

Terrible McDonald's. Their food is always undercooked and cold. My co worker and I have gone there more than once, the burger was cold, so were the fries. We gave them the benefit of the doubt, and went again and ordered nuggets and voila. Cold again! Don't come here unless you want your food cold and tasteless.

Terrible service. Slow, takes forever to get your food, and get through the drive thru on a 97 F  day. Staff is not engaging, or proper responding to questions or telling you how much it costs.  Also, this is the ONLY mcdonalds were they have closed 10 mins before they are supposed to. They stopped answering the drive thru, their window, and people were denied service. Where does this happen? I could have received my food if people had answered  and taken my order but instead we waited and so did another car until it really was too late. They avoid you so they can close up ten mins earlier.  Won't be coming again, the one on rainbow ROCKS compared to this; they are always friendly,quick, and great there.

Not a bad Mc Donald's as far as this chain goes. I've visited this location multiple times. The food is hot and service is speedy. The staff is courteous.

I have no clue if the crew has changed in the last month but the service I've received here for the past two weeks has been excellent. I usually get breakfast here and I have never waited long each morning. The people who take my order, hand me my food and drink are professional and I haven't seen any bad attitudes from them. I've even asked for additional cream, sugar and other items and have never been met with eye rolling or mean comments. This has been my experience in the two weeks of going here.

I think that the preparation was a tad lacking. I used to work at a Mc D's when I was in high school. It was the perfect job for a kid.  Anyway, my filet was lopsided. It was half way off the bun and my cheese was melted three quarters off the fish. The tartar was every where and my fries were all mushy. I can't expect much from a Mc D's but goodness. There are some interesting folks who come in and out of here. THe awesome thing was that wall of the original Ronald Mc Donald and his lil side kicks. That was cool.

Employees here really take pride in their restaurant.  They made sure the dining area was clean and their napkins and ketchup station was stocked up and clean.  Well organized restaurant.  Great job!

The food was luke warm and it took forever to get my food. They did not have enough people working for the morning rush for breakfast.  The workers were a little short on friendly. Need to clean up the dinning room too. Lot of dirty tables with garbaage left on them. The coffee was warm and it was very hot outside. The air conditioning was not cool and it was very uncomfortable eating.

I have to strike this fast food venue from my normal few lunch spots for awhile.  The last two visits have been a disappointment.  My french fries were cold both times.  I ordered a Premium Chicken wrap with crispy chicken last week and received grilled chicken.  The receipt had it right so it was the line cooks who got it wrong.  Today I ordered Chicken McNuggets as a combo.  Again and as I said before, cold fries.  And I can guarantee the McNuggets weren't fresh.  I got my food before I even got my change.  It had all been sitting there well before I ordered.  Besides the food, service was terrible.  There was one lady taking orders and she was even making some of the food.  It made for some very slow service during a very busy lunch hour.  Rather than calling out an order or order number when ready, she looked at my boss and said this is yours.  How rude!  There was a gentelman waiting for his food since before I walked in and was still waiting after I got mine.  His wife took her sandwich back and said it was not fresh.  She got a dirty look from the same rude cashier.  I miss the days of the old manager whom I have not seen in a few months.  He had the staff on their game.

Tell me why for a fast food place around 7pm on a Wednesday the drive thru took forever ? When your friend is HANGRY and expects this fast food joint to be fast but it turns out to be more than a 20 minute wait doesn't seem right. The guy at the window gave him a free ice tea due to the delay and my hangry friend returned to normal after consuming a double double, a hot & spicy with fries and an apple pie. I tried the apple pie but was disappointed because it wasnt what I was used to with the green box but more like a warm pop tart with cream and cherries?

When you need a fast bite (breakfast, lunch, or dinner) so you can hit the road, this McDonald's is right off the 15 fwy on Charleston in the downtown area. It is clean, no bad people, and a fast drive thru. I gamble but not when it comes to fast and friendly McDonald's service. That is I like this one here.

The bathrooms are locked and need a combination to enter, but they still smell almost as bad as an outhouse. The service was slow, probably because they're short-handed and only have one old man doing all the clean-up for them, and a kid taking orders. The playland was filthy and I pulled my kids out after the eldest went up the steps and turned around to show me her black fingers. Half the doors seem permanently locked, and based on the two homeless guys who wandered in I can imagine why.

I like to consider myself a healthy eater, but like most people, I give in to my junk food cravings. Who can resist those delicious, hot and perfectly salted McDonald's fries?   Here's my 2 cents about this location. It's not in a good area of town, so there may be some transients hanging around. The drive thru moves at a snail's pace, even with only a few cars ahead of me. There have also been a few times where I've received old and soggy french fries or hash browns.   Otherwise, everything else is fine. I haven't encountered any rude employees and the one time I've been inside, the restaurant was clean. I don't really order anything else off the menu except for my occasional chicken nugget Happy Meal or a sausage breakfast biscuit. Those have been up to par as well. This location is located conveniently close to my work, so I'm sure I'll be back whenever my fast food craving strikes again.

GONE.  The sign is down; the store is empty. This happened a couple weeks ago, about the time that the architecturally impressive McDonald's staffed by zombies opened on 7th Avenue and Indian School.  On my one past visit, this one wasn't irritating to the point of berserk rage, which for McDonald's is a major success.

This is for Deb: I drove to the box that talks back.  I ordered a Quarter Pounder with cheese meal.  With a Diet Coke.  Yeah, I drink Diet.  Not because I think it will even out the bad of the meal, simply because that's what I drink. I got my food quickly.  I barely remember eating it and gave the last few bites of my burger to the dog, along with a few fries.  The fries were good. The ice in my cup was really, really cold.

Staff are very friendly, a lot of times the hashbrowns and fries taste and smell like the fish.  Need to cook the fish in a separate fryer.  Clean inside and outside.

CLOSED! This McDonalds has closed. Gone are the days when I used to conveniently walk here from work to pick up a drink on my break or get some coffee in the morning. Apparently the sales at this restaurant were not enough so it moved to a new location in a more centrally located area with easier access for customers. Funny thing is I still see people try to go through the drive-tru and park to go into the restaurant.

Service can be hit or miss here but I'll give it a solid 4 stars, being that they offer $1 menu items with LOW calories.  I have to admit the $3.49 for a bacon McGriddle was the main reason I came here. I love all day breakfast :3 :)   Great place for CHEAP eats even if your keeping your calorie intake in mind. I love their fruit Parfait  with 150 calories and the hash browns are 150 calories too.

This is the closest McDonald's to where I live and I visit it often when I need a quick meal.  This is a very clean and modern restaurant with a spacious atmosphere and excellent staff.  I ordered the Quarter Pounder Deluxe meal and it was freshly made and looked very appealing.  I also ordered two Quarter Pounders (buy one get one free when you fill out the online survey) for later.  I requested a bag for them and the shift manager offered to put them in a bag for me.  This appears to be a really good crew, as I've been there for all three meals and haven't had any problems.  This is the place to visit if you live in South Summerlin.

I had to ask the guy working in the drive through about the Sundaes I ordered because he forgot to give them. I later then realized he also forgot the desert for the happy meal I ordered so I had to turn back. The purpose of a drive through is for convenience and efficient service, which was sadly lacking on this trip.

This McDonalds does an amazing job. They're always very clean, the food is always fresh, and the employees are very professional. This location remains busy and they deserve the business. If anyone needs to restore their faith in McDonalds, try this location.

Went through the drive thru, and waited quite some time for my food, and thought maybe they are making fresh fries, so I didn't complain about the wait. However when I got home, my fries were awful, and so were my nuggets. Called and spoke with the manager Kim, and she was so nice, and she apologized, and told me I could come back for a fresh replacement. I thanked her, and the second time around the food was perfect. Thanks again Kim!

Ok. Let's get things straight: THIS IS MC'DONALDS. You don't go there to be picky and build a salad. When time comes to get that double cheese-burger this is the place.  There is a huge salt water fish-tank inside and as for amenities there's a double lane drive-thourgh. That's what sets this place apart from other fast food establishments of the franchise.   Not that I'm a fan of McDonalds anyway.

This McDonald's is pretty decent.  We've only gone through the drive-thru and we've done this numerous times we've been in Vegas since my mom lives nearby.  They have friendly and good service and the food is typical McDonald's food.  No issues.  And they are friendly, unlike the one off of Charleston near Costco.

I stopped in here for a quick dinner. It seemed like all of their cashiers were avoiding the cash registers. The one that took my order had trouble taking the deal that I had on the McDonald's app. She needed assistance from her supervisor. Still I was out of there in no time with my food.  Here's what I ordered: *Grand Mac* I had always thought that the Big Mac was a bit small to be called big. Thank goodness they now have the Grand Mac. Everything that makes the Big Mac great, only bigger. With the deal that I got on the McDonald's app, it came with free french fries and a regular drink. The fries were unfortunately not fresh and were a bit soggy. I usually get non-sweetened tea. All they had was sweet tea. Oh well, I went with a Fruitopia drink.  *10 pcs Chicken McNuggets* These are still one of my favorite items to order at McDonald's. Just like their french fries, I prefer McD's over all of the other fast food burger restaurants. I used to like their sweet & sour or hot mustard dipping sauce when I was a kid, but nowadays I usually get their tried and true barbecue sauce.

Very clean and good customer service. Food was still hot when I got home even my fries! For McDonalds good job!

This is a McCafe location. One of the nicest Mc Donald's I've ever seen.  I visit this location frequently. I've never been disappointed.  The Ambiance is awesome! The decor is very modern and artistic. The dining room is always clean, and well stocked with utensils, napkins, ketchup, plastic lids and straws.  The service has always been good when I've visited. My wife had an issue once, and it was resolved.  It's in a great location with very easy entrance and exit access. It's near the 215 freeway.  It's the location I visit the most.

As other people said, this one can be hit or miss. But mostly hit. The inside is so clean and comfortable. Sometimes we hit the drive thru. Great spot for a late night snack after a couple of beers across the street at PKWY. Staff is always friendly and fries are usually fresh (a large percentage of why I go to McD's). One of the best on the far west side.

So I felt like being naughty and getting a cheese burger, however, once I looked at the menu I saw they had a wrap and thought to myself humm a wrap sounds good.  So that is exactly what I got. I remember years ago they had those snack wraps and that is what I was expecting size wise.   They have 3 different kinds chicken bacon ranch, chicken ranch, and a sweet chili one. I opted for the ranch grilled chicken, it had lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, giant pieces of chicken, wrapped in a soft pillowy flour tortilla.   FIRST let me say not was I wrong about the size. This thing was MASIVE. I also got the combo so medium fries and a drink. Of course I ate my fries first then dug into the wrap and it wasn't bad, I actually liked it. I could only eat about half of it though because of those stinking fries I was full.   I went about a week later and tried the sweet chili one with grilled chicken and like it even more. This time I just got the wrap since there was no need for a combo, I knew it would fill me up. I also really liked the way they boxed up the wrap its in a cool container that  makes it easy to eat.

If you're looking for a classy restaurant to take a date; this is the place!  There is ample seating available and the hosts are pleasant.  They even assign numbers to the menu in case you can't pronounce the exotic food names.  I had this dish called a Big Mac - thank god for the numbering system because I couldn't pronounce that.    My Big Mac was served in some sort of box - almost like a broke down Japanese Bento Box. There were two beef patties and a bunch of accoutrements.  It was amazing!  The beef patties had the texture of a bunch of crumpled newspapers - yummy!  The sauce?  Don't get me started on the sauce!  There are no adjectives to accurately describe the deliciousness.  The best thing about McDonalds?  The fact that I was hungry again three hours later!  It's like you can eat a mountain of food and your body just digests it instantaneously - almost like there's 0 nutritional value.  I would totally recommend this place to a friend!

I stopped here today to get a salad and a shake.  They have a setup for the drive through I've never seen before.  Because of the limited driveway space, the entrance splits into two drives, both of which have ordering areas.  This allows the cars to get into the drive through section quicker and not block traffic in the shopping center.  Service was fast and polite, and the wait for the food was minimal.  They have free wifi at this location and I saw a sign about two nights of jazz by a live singer in their McCafé on two nights in December.  I wish I could make one of the nights just to try it out.  Sounds like fun!  Since this is a new McDonald's that opened within the past few months and it's only about 2 miles from home, I'll be stopping at this location more often.  Way to go, McDonald's staff!

By far one of the fanciest McDonald's I have ever been in. They had two flat screen TVs, fancy booths and chairs, and an art piece made out of glass.   I decided to stop by here for a quick bite to eat. I ordered the McBites...the McBites are not that great, they are way too breaded. I guess I'll just stick to my McNuggets next time.   The staff was very friendly and the service was fast.

Went here when I was almost 9 months pregnant and the line took so long I ended up drinking my whole sweet tea so I went back around and went in to fill it up as I came in the manager approached me in a very rude manner and basically told me to buy another one and that I couldn't fill my cup up! She was very rude even seeing how I was clearly about to pop! Employees are friendly though

This place is neat and modern. Not really made for kids though. No playground like other mcdonalds. The staff is friendly. One of the better mcdonalds I've been to.

Best McDonalds on this side of town!! Fast and Convenient for me and the Family!! Once in a while Rondald McDonald himself shows up for special events for the kids!

This place doesn't even deserve one star. We love nearby and usually only go to this one because of the playplace.I know will never go again. The cashier was extremely under trained and had no clue what she was doing. We got our food and i got hotcakes that were not even warm and super hard and my husband got lunch. My sausage with my breakfast was cold as well and it was barely after 1130 when they switch from breakfast to lunch as well. My husband teas was watered down and couldn't even be qualified as tea and he had a hair at the bottom of his fries. My sister has had an issue with hair in her food before at this location but I've worked In The restaurant industry and know crap happens occaisionally. So I decided to give them the benifit of the doubt and that was such a bad decision. I know it's cheap and easy but definitely worth it to spend your money on a Denny's or IHOP or some actual real restaurant to get real food.

It seems every time I get McDonald's lately I have to pull over and park in the parking lot and wait for them to bring my food out probably will be a while before I visit another McDonald's .

So disappointing.... We don't eat fast food often, but decided to grab some breakfast there today.  I ordered an egg mcmuffin meal and hubby ordered a sausage mcmuffin meal.  When we got them back to the house, the hashbrowns were undercooked, soggy and greasy.  Both of our sandwiches the muffins were hard around the edges, making us suspect that they were under the heat light way to long.  Seems like all McDonalds are going steadily downhill.

I ordered a happy meal with a cheese burger and my meal, they made me wait forever and my kids burger was black(burned) and the cheese was hard as a rock. This is the shit you serve to customers? If i have to wait 25 min at least give me fresh food.

Might I remind you people, this is a freakin' mc-d's. I expect bad attitudes from workers when they are being paid minimum wage and have to be chastise by some of these people posting these yelp reviews.

Bad Customer Service. Employee was powerwashing the drive thru lane within inches of customers cars, wetting them as they get their food. I called and complained about my dirty car only to discover I need to turn around cause my order was wrong. When I got back the guy was still powerwashing the drive thru lane during the breakfast rush like I never even called and complained. Don't go here unless you want to go wash your car after and go somewhere else to eat.

This McDonald's is really bad. They don't even open the play place until almost 11 am even though there are like 10 kids waiting. The manager said she doesn't know when they open. They rang up my order wrong and took forever to figure it out. The dining areas are dirty. What the heck is wrong with this place?!

Idiots, all idiots. The 2 times I've been here they have messed up my order. Skip this location. They are inept at even the simple task of retrieving a strawberry pie from a drawer.....sad.

I cannot believe how SLOW SLOW SLOW the DT is here. How does corporate not get involved? There DT wait times must be HORRIBLE!

Why the hell can't these locations get their shit together? I know how it takes to clean an ice cream machine? 45 minutes max. But the it's down from 1 am to 5 am=bullshit.

Nice location.  Usually very busy.  Parking lot is small, drive through is congested, but the staff gets you moving.  Overall, it's still a McD's, but if you feel the need, this is not a bad choice.

Everybody knows McDonald's, so no need to talk about the food.  It's just ok for when you need a burger and fries.  What makes this one special it's how fast and friendly they are.  The drive thru is run like a well oiled machine.  Take note of the sign to put your cell phone away and have payment ready or you'll be holding up the line.  In the dining room they consistently have great service. It's always clean.  I've been to plenty of white tablecloth restaurants that can't touch the level of service here.  Kids always get a little ice cream free after they finish their meal.  They offer to carry your tray and will fill your drinks and bring them to your table if they see you with your hands full.    It's clear that the staff is well trained and customer service and that makes all the difference.

Stopped  at the drive through for breakfast. All the food was cold. One sandwich was missing, the other two were not what was ordered and cold hash browns leave a lot to be desired. My visit was during the morning breakfast hours not mid-day. The coffee was hot.

Love this McDonald's! The staff is always very friendly and efficient and the food is always fresh! The inside is always clean. If I am stopping at McDonald's- I will go out of my way to go to this location!!

OMG! They're everywhere! Breakfast all day! $1 fountain drinks! Consistency, they name is fair. The fries were better when they used lard. Quarter Pounder with Mac sauce, extra lettuce, and reconstituted burger onions is a delicacy, but who has time for that? This place will straight kill you, and it probably won't be worth it. The chicken is funny tasting. Use at your own risk, like opiates and firearms.

How l love the food, atmosphere, staff AND owner!!! Fresh food, clean setting, relaxed fun for everyone Come here and enjoy a great meal along with fresh hot food. Oh the Owner is a real gentlemen and very sweet.

I stopped in here for a salad and the free Wi-Fi while my car is getting an oil change.  The building is very clean and was re-modeled a couple years ago.  It can get a little noisy, but I find most McDonalds are.  The employees here are standard friendly and are pretty fast and accurate.  I find this location to be particularly busy.  Whenever I come here, there is always a line (regardless of stopping in the restaurant or pulling up in the drive-thru).  Overall, it's just a nice McDonald's.  Good for a quick bite and casual ice cream with friends.

All of the food was mediocre, and not that warm. Fortunately the staff was very nice. They forgot our cookies but quickly got them when I pointed it out. I was glad to see the supervisor helping others, and quickly cleaned up a spilled drink himself. The building is nice, with a good atmosphere. The toilets are really high and uncomfortable, though, and have an automatic plastic cover that doesn't even work.

A month ago I ordered a crispy chicken sandwich from this restaurant and it had dirt wrapped in with it. I haven't been back since. The sandwich smelled just like fish. How is it possible that a chicken sandwich could end up smelling like fish? I complained to the manager and she didn't show any sympathy whatsoever.  She made no apologies at all.  I was deeply disturbed and highly offended by her lack of customer service skills.  They then took another half hour to make a new sandwich. It was the worst experience at McDonald's in my life.

This place is lousy! The staff are not clean. This young white guy had something yucky on his finger and I wanted to puke! They cannot make the Frappe well; too thick and too icy! The food is never hot! The clerks at the drive thru act like they are not concerned. I love the McD's on the corner of Nellis and Las Vegas Blvd!

Slowest moving workers at McDonald's everrrrrrr. Even at 10 at night or 2 in the morning it takes 15 minutes to make a regular ass burger.. -.-

Haven't Eaten McDonald's in Forever Because Of This Location !! Worst Customer Services Ever !!

Came to get quick food but food took forever, and once I received the food the burger patty was dry and overcooked! Guess that's why it took forever to receive the food they was roasting it! Don't come here take your chance at another McDonalds at least.

First time at this location and although it was crowded service was great. My order was actually correct which is a surprise since I had more than 1 order.

McDonald's generally sucks anyway, but the service here is especially incompetent. I'm always astounded by the line of cars at the drive thru who seem perfectly content to sit and wait for some garbage to stuff down their gullets when it would take less time to cook something good at home.

Came in at this location for a quick breakfast bite before going to Lake Mead Recreational Park. I honestly couldn't believe their service here. I lost count on how many orders they had messed up in the 8 minutes I was standing at the counter to receive my order. I was surprised they didn't messed up my order, but the wait time for two sausage mcmuffins was unbelievable. Would not recommend this location to anyone.

This is one or the quickest McDonald's I have been to, during the lunch rush hour that's what I like. From the time I put my order in to receiving my food and drink was less than 3 minutes. They were ready and accurate on the order

I come to this location once a week when I drive my mom to the doctor. The manager is always up in front greeting and serving people. I was finally able to get a triple cheese burger hot of the grill fresh and hot. Man I wish they all came to you like that

This place deserves 5 stars simply because their drive thru is open 24 hours.  Can u imagine coming out of a casino or a movie and being hungry and not having a place to eat.  I've had the fish here and the burgers and fries and they have never screwed it up even when I asked for no tartar sauce.  Do you know how many times other places put it on anyway. Thumbs up guys.  Thanks for being there!

I wanted Sweet Republic, the plus one wanted something cheap after all of our baller status meals.... cheeseburger for him...... I got some more of that ice cream hehehe.

On my way to Ikea in Tempe yesterday and stopped by the D's for a quick drive through breakfast with the son and boy were they QUICK!  I think of the all the McDonald's I ever visited; this one just seems to stick out.  The person at the window was very nice, quick and made me feel like a valued customer by asking if I 1. Wanted the receipt instead of pushing it in my face! 2. Asked me if I needed any water with the breakfast burrito 3. Said thanks for coming.  Made for a great start of the day with the son!  Great Job Guys - Well be back!

McDonalds.  Hummm...  Good food.  Quick in, quick out.  Clean restrooms.  It hasn't changed much since Ray Kroc made the template over 50 years ago.    You may not like that McDonalds exists, but the food is well prepared and they execute on their stated goals.    Sorry, if you wanted your burger animal style -- then go to In-n-Out!

I come to this location a lot, the delivery and quality of food is perfect! But the dinning area and bathroom never never never get wiped or cleaned!!!!!!!!!! B You will have to clean your own table to sit in the dining area. The finning area is only 20% full and all tables are dirty! I have been here for an hour and no one cleans tables! Basics

I will never go to a McDonald's again!! I did not eat all day and after work I stopped in to get a hamburger, KS took my order 217 with an attitude, she rolled her eyes at me and went to the back were she was spewing out somtething about no respect and yelling at the cook, the entire time I could hear her barking orders to change his gloves etc.. etc.. my hamburger came out charred with a crust and I took pictures of it, I think they did something gross to it, because I took a bite and threw it up, it tasted like it was from the garbage and my fries were cold??

Yes, they are open 24 hours - but that is the ONLY plus. The staff does NOT pay attention to what you are ordering and the orders NEVER come out correctly. You are always constantly asked to pull forward to wait for your food --- AND if you are lucky they won't forget that they asked you to pull forward and actually bring your food out to you. By far the worst service ever and if it wasn't the closest one by about 5 miles, we would DEFINITELY go to a different McDonald's. Also, the managers do not care if you complain or whatever you have to say. It is so frustrating.

Fries are saltier than my attitude right now bruh take it down a notch. Hot n' Spicy was adequate though. 24 hour drive thru is dank. Seriously those fries tho

I love this McDonald's! Service was great, very clean  and The cashier greeted me right away and was helpful!

This place is a joke? Been here 3 times, and each time these morons get the wrong order!! Went through the drive thu and ordered 1 hamburger!!!! No one in line in front or back of line! And still screwed my order up!, they had 3 diet cokes!!, idiots!!!

Eff you McDonalds, eff you!   You told me you had Real Fruit Smoothies that were blended to perfection and offered at a reasonable price. You drilled that idea in my head for weeks with your incessant advertising on the sides of buses and mile high billboards with pictures of creamy, fruity smoothies that made my mouth salivate instantly. You knew that I loved smoothies so much that I would go to great and dangerous lengths to obtain one of your so called Real Fruit Smoothies. You knew that even though I loathed you and everything you stand for, that I would risk it all, risk everything to venture into your mustard arches to try one of your smoothies.   As soon as I walked in and looked around, I knew immediately that I didn't fit in. I won't get into specifics, but let's just say that many of your patrons have the I don't have a job and I don't care because I get unemployment checks look about them. Just sayin'. After I made my way through a throng of screaming kids running around barefoot, I finally made it to the counter. I decided to play it safe and order a strawberry banana smoothie thinking that you couldn't possibly mess that classic flavor up. I wasn't actually able to see you make this Real Fruit Smoothie, as it was mysteriously whipped up behind the scenes in the back somewhere. I would say that next time I'll pay more attention, but unfortunately for you, there won't be a next time.   After I made my way out of that hell hole and into the safety of my car, I took my first sip of your much hyped smoothie. I was instantly disappointed. By the time the liquid mush you call a smoothie hit the back of my throat, I knew that I had been duped. I took one more sip just to make sure that I hadn't missed something the first time, and threw the rest out.   McDonald's....come on. You don't make a Real Fruit Smoothie by blending up strawberry juice and banana flavored puree with some ice and yogurt and call it a smoothie. You're supposed to use REAL FRUIT! That drink was about as real as Joan Rivers face, or Pam Anderson's boobs...you might fool some dumbasses out there, but I think most people would rather pay a few bucks more and get the real deal down the street at Jamba Juice.  I mean, how hard is it to mess up a blended drink? Congratulations McDonald's, you never cease to amaze me....

Have to wait about 10 minutes. Mediocre drive-thru service. Something either out of service or they ran out of.

The ABSOLUTE worst McDonald's on the planet! PERIOD! The only reason why I didn't give them a 1 star is because Mcdonald's food is great!  The service at this particular restaurant is by far the suckiest form of service known to man. My 4 year old niece delivers food to me in a more respectable way. After waiting in line for 45 mins to order, you have to wait another 45 mins to get your food. The only thing I can imagine playing in my head while watching how the workers go about their duties could be circus theme music.   We were talking to people around us while we stood in amazement on how bad the service was. One lady waited 30 mins for coffee, not leaving just to see how long it would actually take for her coffee to come. After the second time she asked for her coffee, the manager herself had the audacity to give her attitude.   As a continuing supportive customer to the Mcdonald's brand, I strongly suggest that you send people there to teach them how to run their lines. The people their obviously do not know what they are doing!

I never see a reason to go to McDonald's but if you are really looking for one of the cheapest options in MGM than this is the place.  Located in the food court it is actually one of the few options where prices aren't ridiculously marked up to Vegas standards.  If you need to indulge and want to do it like you can do anywhere else in America than I guess you should stop by.

This is your typical McDonald's fare in a food court setting. It was definitely the least expensive meal of the weekend and I was happy to see that they have normal McDonalds prices, including the dollar menu (a lot of touristy places do not).  The line moved quickly and my order was correct. No complaints here!

Biggest collective lines of anything at MGM Grand as far as I can tell. The food is fine here. My only issue that is, apparently, they decided to pull some customer unfriendly design stuff by having people wait for their food at the counter at the same register that they ordered from, so it looks like it's moving really slowly at times. Still, it's cheaper than everywhere else, so it's A-OK as Yelp calls 3 stars.

Went to this in late January when returning from a late night walking out on the strip (probably between 12 and 1 in the morning), trying to find something to eat in the giant MGM.  Seemed like we had to walk forever to find this place, which we weren't actually looking for, but rather were just trying to find something to eat, period.  The other places at this food court were closed and the only other signs of life were the blasting music coming from the clubs before and after it.  A typical McDonalds which I guess is opened late, if not all the time?  They did have something I never saw before, which was being able to order 40 nuggets (I think?) at a time, which is no doubt popular for the cheap party crowd?     Anyways we had quarter pounders and fries which weren't anything special and really nothing more than a way of taking care of a late night hunger.  Service was ordinary, and the tables in the food court were in decent repair with a sleeping bum (I'm assuming by his clothing and appearance) and some young college aged kids as patrons.

It's your typical McDonald's, the difference here is that it's open 24 hours!  A ton of seating. Fast service even in the early morning hours.  Perfect if you're staying at the MGM Grand.

Surprisingly, you'll end up going to McDonald's more often than not in Vegas for the following reasons (1) it's a cheap option; (2) it's a convenient option; (3) it's probably one of the few options late at night.  Lines tend to be long here at the MGM Food Court and it's not a very luxurious experience.  Come here only by necessity.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]

This review is strictly for the wacker than wack McDonalds a.k.a McDONT  So me and my best girl partied hard one nite n Vegas and as u know all things must cum 2 an end. So after the club we go back to our hotel room which is at the MGM. We stop at the front desk to ask if anything was still open at 4 in da monin. They said yes if u walk to our farmers market (which is kinda far and even farther if u been on your feet all day & all nite in some hills) we have a pizza spot & a McDonalds that's 24hours. I so hat3 McD's so we said we would walk back there for the pizza.   So needless to say we get there and both lines are long but McDONT'S is shorter. We both are tired azz h3ll & just want something in our system so we can soak up the liquor & go to bed. So we stand in line for I don't know how long for that nasty azz food get up to the freakin counter to hear we outta food all we have is 5 fishes and 2 chicken. EXCUSE ME !!   1st off ... what the h3ll language r u speakin ? I guess 5 fishes is supposed to be fillet of fish & the 2 chicken with no s is supposed to be some kind of chicken sandwich. So 2nd'ly...I get upset bcuz y u did not announce that to everyone standing in line. Were practically standing there 4 no freakin reason. So my girl orders the darn 2 chicken. 3rd...who in the h3ll is managing this place ? How r u gonna b open 24hrs and DON'T have any food ? Just freakin turn the lights off at 10pm y don't u !!!  So now were on the long walk back to the room. We get there kick our shoes off get comfy open up our 2 chicken and WOW... bread...mayo...chicken. WHERE THE H3LL IS MY LETTUCE ? WHERE IS MY TOMATOES ? So now I am forced to eat this dry azz sandwich no fries to go with it ( thats the only thing i eat at McDont's is there addictive french fries) and some left over water from the club cuz oh yes...these fools didnt have any beverages either.  Can some 1 help me understand how a fast food chain that claim they sold over a billion hamburgers and so forth run out of food...IN VEGAS...@ THE MGM GRAND who has bookoo money.  So the next nite U know we had to do it all over again but this time we went straight to the pizza spot. I told the pizza man what happened the night b4 and he said  IT'S ALWAYS LIKE THAT, THEY SHUT DOWN IF THEY RUN OUT OF KETCHUP PACKAGES  In an event of a late night... DO NOT GO 2 MCDONT'S !!!!! U will b HIGHLY upset !  0.0 stars...They deserve 100 rocks thrown @ em

This McDonald's is the life of the party 3AM after a night of clubbing.  You'll see sweaty guys with their suits destroyed, and girls walking barefoot because their heels hurt.  Everyone stumbling around, maybe getting in a fight or two.  Its the blind leading the blind.  But, nothing hits the spot like a big mac after a night of drinking.  The good news is that this joint is close to the Signature by MGM.  Who else would eat here during normal hours when you have Joel Robuchon within walking distance?

Worst service ever!! They are super slow and the guy at the register seems like he hates his job.. Next time call in sick if you don't wanna be here

Got my hotcakes and sausage patty breakfast on the go and it was delicious. Orange juice was nice and cold, I hate it when I get warm OJ, it's just not the same.

This McDonalds is no different then any other McDonald's even if it I the rock in roll one. Great place to come if you want to see schwasted people of all Shapes and sizes:)

Why the (bleep) am I reviewing the McDonald's in MGM's Studio Walk ~ especially since just around the corner you got some of the finest dining in the world like Joel Robuchon's L'Atelier and Michael Mina's Seablue?  'cause I ate at this McDonald's recently, that's why.  It was Sunday at around the crack o' dawn (that's with a small d, not a capital D) and I was, ahem, not feeling particularly bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Plus I had to catch a flight to NYC in a couple of hours.  So what's a knackered lad like me supposed to do? Eat the greasiest thing in my purview, that's what. There's nothing like a Sausage McMuffin with egg and hash browns to soak up the (mumble, mumble) glasses of G-and-T's I sucked down the night before.  Thank goodness for the McDonald's, I say!   And if you disagree, you just can sit-'n'-spin.

Staying at the Signature MGM you can walk to the mall and eat here.  Tons of seating, food came out fast.  They were out of the dressing for my salad but that's the way it goes sometimes.  Very friendly staff too.

So your probably wondering, why would anyone bother to yelp a McDonald's.  I'll tell you why! I love Mickey D chicken nuggets, and as often as I eat them, I have never been to a McDonald's before that told me they are out of Sweet & Sour sauce!!!  Seriously it's like WTF! How do you run out of Sweet & Sour sauce!!!  With the amount of preservatives in it, I don't think the stuff ever expires, so you should have a crate of it in back just in case!

You got lucky being right near the start line at 6:15am when it was 30 degrees out, the line at Starbucks was a mile long, and my friend and I have this tradition of getting your egg mcmuffins at each race since the San Diego Rock 'n' Roll marathon.    We woke up extra early, braved the elements, and you were wonderfully warm.  We decided we would stay inside that blanket of heat until the start of the race.  It turns out everyone else had the same idea but the lines moved fast.  Wow!  How is that possible?  Oh, you anticipated this so you have egg mcmuffins all ready to go as well as coffee and juice.  You made them the night before?  How good can they possibly be?    I order mine without sausage and your employee freaks out.  He tells me they're already made and if I could just take the sausage out.  I give him a look and say I want it made fresh.  He consults with another employee and ultimately the manager and they agree that I should get a fresh egg mcmuffin.  Gee, thanks.  Also, what's with the $7 price tag?  Did you raise the prices the night before the marathon?  I've never paid that much for a combo meal.  You're supposed to be the cheap breakfast option.  I get my supposed fresh egg mcmuffin and notice it's not so fresh.  The cheese is burnt as well as the muffin and there's sausage residue on my muffin.  How did that happen?  My juice is warm because you left it out in anticipation of a rush.    Next marathon, I won't be coming back.  I'll buy muffins somewhere the night before and just make do.

Two recent experiences here have been pretty bad.  On one occasion, my order took extremely long and was given to me after two other patrons who had had their orders taken after mine was taken.  My order was one breakfast wrap.  Not a difficult or large order.  On another occasion, staff overcharged me.  When I asked the staff about it, they informed me that they had charged me the correct amount.  When I pointed to the screen with the menu and prices, the staff admitted they were wrong and a Manager had to adjust the price.

Just terrible they kept on messing up my order and when I tryed to tell them they messed up my order  they acted like I was wrong. If you want to go to mc donalds avoid this place

Made a mistake of stopping here because my friend was too tired to turn around and go to the other side of the road and it was definitely a mistake. Gross seating area, dirty washroom and the staff punched in the wrong thing (who eats chicken at McDonalds??). Wow definitely go to Harvey's across on Yonge. The burgers are better and of course it is cleaner at Harvey's.  McDonalds clean your joint

It's a McDonalds. You get what's expected from a McDonalds.. This one was clean and had fairly good service.

I went through the drive thru and the customer service was not the best. The girl who took my order was a tad bit rude to my mother. The ordering menu is far from the speaker. The speaker covers one third of the menu. The architect had horrible placement. Two thumbs down.

Went to get a bacon club house minus onion. Waited 10 min on order and received my meal. Opened the sand which box to bind my bacon clubhouse WITHOUT BACON and WITH ONIONS! WHAT KINDA SHEEEYT IS THAT?!?! Went to go get another sand which but had to wait on 5 people before my sand which was handed to me. Customer service is not a priority here. Also there are too many flies around for my comfort. Before departing I took a dump in the urinal. I think this will send a message.

I usually come to this McDonald's on the way home from picking up my fiancé. Never any issues, sometimes you wait a little longer bc some jackass wants everything but the kitchen sink, has 2 lanes for ordering, and most people don't know how to merge. Can't be mad over other people's issues :-)

If I could give 1/2 a star I would. This was by far the dirtiest restaurant I've ever been too! There was trash all over the floors & tables. Garbage cans were overflowing. The girl line employees were very nice. There wasn't no ketchup, no napkins, no tea, no straws. Wrong buns on all sandwiches. Manager's attitude was sub par. The girl line employees were only plus to this establishment. Service was extremely slow.

It's McDonald's so you can't really expect the best the best. But this has by far been the worse McDonald's I have ever been to. For as long as it took to get a McDouble after ordering I could have gone to a sit down restaurant order and probably get my food way quicker. I always try to understand the situations that happen in Restaurants because I myself at one point in my life worked at McDonald's but this was the worse experience. They had a bunch of employees working but yet no one was working. I spotted employees eating behind the counter even a manager took some French fries and put them in her mouth as she passed the lines of people waiting for food and to have their order taken. All those kids working there need to be fired and replaced with people that actually want to work. Yeah working at McDonald's isn't the best job but if that's what you applied for and then do your damn job!! Never will I ever go back to this specific McDonald's again. This was not the first bad experience here but this was by far the worse one that it made me want to write a bad review. Whoever owns this McDonald's needs to really get their staff in check!!!

I walk in, order my food, slide my card, and the cashier gives me a confused look. She then says to me, as though it should have been obvious, it's cash only.  The only reason I go to a place like McDonalds is for a consistent experience, and one of those consistencies is usually that I know I can pay with a card. It's 2015. If you don't accept cash, you need to put up a sign and let your customers know.

Terrible!  Don't get me wrong, I am a fan of McDonalds. My Mom actually worked for them as a the pubic relations director for a large franchise owner in the Midwest. However, this also means I know a McDs should be run when it comes to customer service.  I was driving by this location. It is newer location design and I had a coupon, so I swung in to try out their new sandwich. It was early afternoon and there was no line. After placing the order I saw the total was wrong.  The total was not the coupons price or the regular price with tax. I mentioned this to the register person, and she said she had to get her manager to fix the total. It happens sometimes, I understand that. However, when the manager came over, she cleared the charge on my card, handed me back the coupon and basically said 'go away'...   Wow...  I was shocked and left.  The feeling I was left with was so sour, it led me to go online and fill out the McDs customer survey.  In hindsight, it does not sound like much, but it was more of her attitude that left me dumfounded. The I don't care about your satisfaction as a customer or as a person attitude. I also understand that this is in a lower income area of Phoenix. However, I was dressed in business casual attire and was friendly to them.  The manager needs to be demoted or sent back to training.  Reading the other profile shows how much the poor attitude of a manager can create an workforce where no employee cares.  I will never visit this location again.

I work in the area and wanted to buy my staff some breakfast.  I don't go to Mc Donalds often, as I am not a huge fan of their food, but it was the closest fast food establishment to my work - so Mc Donalds it is!  I ordered 2 Big Breakfasts with Hot Cakes on one order and another Big Breakfast with Hot Cakes on a separate order (two different payments).  I pulled up to the window and was told to pull around the parking space #1.  I told the cashier, Ok.  Just remember I have two SEPARATE orders.  She looked at me confused, smirked, and said she didn't understand with a giggle A.K.A. she didn't know English.  I smiled and trusted they would know what to do and pulled around.  A few minutes later (I did not have to wait very long) another lady came up to my window with one of my orders.  I explained to her that I had two separate orders.  She told me, she didn't speak English.  At this point I am now becoming annoyed.  So I get out of the car, lock it up, and walk into the restaurant.  I go up to the cashier (third person at this point) and started to explain that I had two separate orders.  She looked at me confused and then called her manager over, as she did not speak English either.  The young girl, the supervisor on duty, asked me what the problem was.  So I explained to her that I have two separate orders and I am missing one of my orders.  She then tells me that I only paid for 2 orders.  I told her NO that I have two separate orders and I paid for both of them separately (and have the receipts for each of them).  She looks annoyed, walks back over to the window, where my order was sitting, grabs it, and hands it to me pissed off... as thought it was somehow MY fault?  No apologies offered.  Only COLD food.  At that point, I walk out without saying a word.  Annoyed.  Pissed.  But I just wanted to go back to work.  I only ended up eating a hashbrown, the sausage, and that's it.  The eggs were set, slimy, and COLD.  The pancakes were COLD.  The biscuit was hard.  I basically threw money in the toilet.    I did leave a review with Mc Donalds (as instructed on their receipts) but I fulled expect no response, as we all know Mc Donalds does not care much about their customers.  That is why I stopped going a long time ago.  They could learn from places like In and Out and Chick-Fil-A which truly value their customers feedback and train their employees how to treat customers.

The cashier was the only good part of it. They forgot so many things that I ordered and trying to charge me for more for stupid syrup omg.

I'm not really feeling like writing a review. It's  really more like a tip. But anyway, more than most McDonalds, this one is consistent with portion size. They also are friendly which is a plus compared to most fast food joints.

Worst mcdonalds ive ever been to no matter day or night they're always so slow. God forbid you go through the drive throw like i am... Again If my newphew an niece didn't want something from here i wouldn't be here not to mention the milkshake machine is down as always with this location! Fatass disappointment how has it remained this way for so many years.

This place needs a permanent security guard. The amount of shady people that borderline almost harass you or someone around you at this location (especially at night) is creepy. Food is fine though.

One of the few McDonalds locations in the core are that has a full coffee bar, this recently remodeled McDonalds is one of the nicer ones in the area. Located close to the intersection of Yonge and Wellesley Street, the location is busy during weekday and weekend afternoons.  Menu at this location is the same as other Canadian locations in Toronto.  The recently remodeled look and the presence of a latte bar adds to the positive rating I've given this location.  Please note this location lacks self-service ordering kiosks that are now commonly found at many locations in Toronto. All orders are handled at the registers by an employee. The crowd during weekend evenings can be a bit rowdy. During weekdays, this place is frequented by many hobos who make Yonge Street their home.

Traditional McDonalds.  I work just at Bay and College, so it's convenient to get there when I want a quick bite.  Food is average, staff is average.  Like I said, traditional McDonalds.

Ever since they revamped this location, I love coming here!!! The seating arrangement is very unique as it has an upper and lower level, plenty of COMFY chairs to sit on with tables that don't look like they're from Ikea, and it's also got 2 entrances which is kinda convenient.   Whenever I come, I'll usually order a small coffee with a muffin (highly recommend the chocolate oreo one for you fellow chocolate lovers out there) for only $1.39....sweeeettt deal! I also find it sorta cool how they usually take down your name when you order, similar to what Starbucks does.  After getting my order, I'll head over to any of the tables with a window seat, crack open my school books and laptop, put my earphones on, and get some homework done. If you're the type of person who works best in a busy environment, and enjoy taking little breaks to just sit back and watch the hustle and bustle, then I would definitely recommend trying to get some homework done here.  Plus, I could use a study buddy.....just sayin!

The Macwackies on Yonge are all very hit and miss. They are mobbed at odd times of the day: 1030 am, 2 pm, 1130 pm...and always seem to be a bit understaffed. Last week I wanted a half-decaf coffee for my girlfriend. They said it would be two minutes to put on the coffee and then got slammed. It took 15. Yikes!   Ambiance is what you would about expect for an newly revamped Mccafe with the usual quotient of Yonge Street sketchiness to liven things up a bit.

This McD's is clean and doesn't look outdated by about 4 decades.  Oh wait it does, but it looks new.  This place has almost a 70-80's look going on with all those circles on the wall it feels like I'm inside a glass of champagne that or I'm playing a game of Missile Command.  I think the only low tables are at the front of the restaurant.  Everything else is high stools for the most part.    Basically this place has been completely redone and it looks retro new.  The food is the food is the food this is McD's after all.  That being said they're inexpensive comfort food and a good place to go eat if you have 5 to 10 minutes to eat before running off.

McDonalds is a burger chain that doesn't get much mention but in my opinion has one of the best burgers in town.  They have a specialty burger called the Big Mac that has this amazing sauce.  This place is amazingly successful and I think their customers exceed well over 1B (it says so on a sign).  They have a quarter pounder burger but it isn't quite that big.  I can't forget their fries.  Friggin ridiculously good.  If you're a kid, they even have these kid meals where you get a free toy.  Brilliant.  You can pretty much find one of these restaurants everywhere you look.  To make it easier, they have these giant golden arches that shine bright at night.  Definitely check this place out.

I owe my university graduation to these guys here for helping me save a couple bucks and have a full stomach.  Consistently good service and I love how they let you customize your burger with no additional cost. just because of that, I'll keep coming to you guys. Some of you are very friendly to me too and the work environment seems positive.   Its kinda sketchy at times and I've had an incident within the store at night once. good thing the manager handled it well.

I hate McDonald's but they taste good. I love the fillet oh fish. just because I love fish. too bad its not raw. of it was raw fish I'd def. eat the lights out of it in like one gobbling motion bro. thats what im talking about.

I ordered a plain bacon mcdouble with no bun. Sure, it's not something you'd see most people order, but I don't figure it's rocket science. The guy ringing it in doesn't have a problem. Two minutes later the guy in the back is losing his shit. What does this mean 'no bun?' he's screaming. Nobody responds. After two minutes of him going off the deep end he approaches me and asks what I wanted. I told him I wanted exactly what was showing on the screen, a plain bacon mcdouble with no bun. He asks if I want just the patties. I tell him to take a tray and place on it two beef patties, a piece of bacon, a slice of cheese, and pass it to me. He seems to get it. He brings me a bag a minute later. I walk away and check the order. No bacon. Is it really that challenging? Go back to the counter and commence round 2. Ugh.

I was here a few times after my last check in, and each time they were friendly and got my order correct. I will note that it wasn't busy either, so my food was fresh and fast!   I went inside because I wasn't sure what I wanted, and the place was pretty clean minus the drink area - which face it will always have a little bit of a mess around it because they can't wipe it after each customer leaves.  So overall it was a good visit.

I like this mcdonalds, the employees are nice. One thing I find odd is, no napkins or salt in the dining room.

I've been to this McDonald's many times. Boy, today was an off day. It wasn't busy, but the drink area and dining room were a mess.  I tried the steakhouse burger which is available for a limited time. Limited time is a good thing. That was the worst burger I've ever had. It was dry, tasteless and the worst ever at McDonald's. I couldn't even finish it.

This McDonalds is a nice place to come for a quick bite to eat and to satisfy your craving for greasy big macs and addictive fries. Nuggets are my favorite with sweet and sour sauce! This location is always busy but still very efficient. The staff works quickly and effectively. They have free wifi and parking is almost non existent unless you park on a side street and walk.  Overall this Mcdonalds really is not that bad for being at such a busy intersection.

i got a big breakfast this morning to go only to realize that the guy didn't give me a hash brown when i got home.  that's like me getting a big mac combo and u forgot my fries....dafuq????

Too crowded went to Sheppard centre right across the street, new food court has opened A& W opening soon - good news I don't have to walk across to Mc Donald's anymore lots of place to sit and dine in !!!

Food is decent, but they have a problem with flies. There aren't enough power outlets and the few that are don't work properly due to overuse. This is a busy residential and commercial hub so power outlets are essential. There are a couple of homeless folks that hang out here due to it being a 24 hour location right by two subway lines.

Meh mcd. I'm a big mcd fan but I'm not very impressed with this mcd. I've been there many times n i think what makes a mcd standout is their service and cleanliness because all mcd serve the same food! I went there many times already. Their ketchup / fountain station is always messy, one time i wanted to get me some ketchup and once i pumped it out. .multiple fruit flies just zoooom went everywhere.......   it was so gross that i can clearly remember it.   Food is okay its average. Nothing bad. One day i wanted to grab a coffee and work on my laptop elegantly at mcd ... i realized their WiFi never works. :/ yikes.

So much better after the renovation. The only thing I hate is the parking. Well... unless you want to pay, there is limited parking during peak hours.   Another plus is they are opened 24 hours. It's nice when you are craving some artery clogging fries in the middle of the night. Can't say much about the rest of the food. It's typical fast food/Mcd's after all.   Service was fast the last time we were here.

I was in a hurry tonight so decided to stop here to grab something on the way home.  This McDonald's is brand new now, so it's clean and nice looking.  I had Chicken McNuggets and French Fries.  They were pretty much the same as they always are.  It's McDonald's.  My order did take much longer than usual.  They said they were waiting on the nuggets.  We'll see how it is if I go back again.  I was on a health kick until today, so let's hope that my visits here aren't frequent.

This particular McD's location is not good at all. It's located at the major intersection of Sheppard & Yonge so traffic (McD's customers) is hectic. This is largely due to the interior layout - there is only 1 main door (for general traffic) and 1 side door (barely even used for takeout orders). The seating area is poorly designed as there are many 'dead ends' when you walk into a section. They also do not have all-day breakfast given that it is such a busy location. If it wasn't for the automated kiosks and coupons, I would definitely avoid coming here.

I only went here for an ice cream cone on a hot summer day!  Service was fast, pleasant and with a smile.  The place was fairly clean and the washrooms are relatively clean compared to other comparable restaurants in the area.

This McDonald's is handy for anyone in the Yonge and Sheppard area, but be wary of the post last-call crowd pouring themselves into the restaurant on Fridays and Saturdays. It's always busy. They have talking garbage cans--not sure why. Otherwise, it's a McDonald's!

If you like MickyDs than this one is not bad.  I don't usually eat at McDonalds but I went in for a coffee.  There is usually a big crowd during office lunch hour.  This is a brand new store and very clean.  No parking though as it's on the busy intersection of Sheppard and Yonge.

Do not come here. Extremely dirty and the hot chocolate gives you diarrhea. Wet floor and the bathroom has no toilet paper.

5 minutes wait for a coffee and a muffin! The new automated system does not work!!! McDonald's needs to change it back to their old system, much faster.

Went in last weekend. The place was absolutely TRASHED - like food garbage on every single table there. When we went to order food they told us they were switching over to the breakfast menu, so I ordered an item of the breakfast menu, and they told me they only had coffee and fries, but I could wait for half an hour. While I was there, the staff discovered a phone on the counter that had been left by someone. It rang a minute later and they laughed to each other about throwing it out and/or not answering.

I came in here because I heard about the automated kiosk ordering system as it slowly takes over possibly all of the McDonald's in North America. There were 4 giant screens where you have to use your fingers to swipe through the various menus or go back and forth to switch between categories on what you want to order. Each machine also has a credit card reader, a scanner for coupon, and the screens are in a well lit area where the sunlight won't give it glare and make it hard to see. The only down side is that the screens are right at the front door and it's a bit cramp with people with backpacks on. Once you order, you will get your receipt with your number on it and the workers will have your food ready and call out your order.  One of the local gave me a coupon for a $1 McCafe and I used it on the machine and thinking they will need to take the coupon when I get my food but no, McDonald's worker did not care so the coupon could possibly be used and used again until the expiration date. It was quite interesting to see how the fast food industry will be slowly evolved to with these automated kiosks and still find it interesting that people are still going up to the cashier to order it the old fashion way. I don't feel by any means it made my food come out faster but it does cut out the interaction and one long queue line when you can just line up behind whichever kiosk you want to use next.  The food, I mean, it's McDonald's, at least they are strictly consist on the taste, the portion, and what makes a McDonald's burger taste like their burger with chopped onion, well done beef patty, s shot of the ketchup and mustard, and with the pickle to round it off. The McCafe is definitely you can skip upon and go to a Tim Hortons to get yourself a better coffee.

As far as McDonald's go this one is clean and I've always received good service and friendly employees. Good size play area for the kids and ample parking. Free wifi but the coffee is mediocre even for McDonald's standards.  Update: avoid the drive thru at night. I waited almost 20 minutes last night and there were only three people ahead of me.

Not sure if the people that work here do not get paid, or if they are simply never trained, but when you have 2 drive-through lanes you should probably take orders from both of them. This is the 3RD TIME I have attempted to get food where the other lane moved and the lane I was in did not. And I mean ever! They even said hold please and continued to take orders from 10+ cars in the other lane, yet none from mine. Three strikes is all I can take. This franchise is awful and I would avoid it at ANY cost. The franchise right down the street on Central Ave is 400% better and will get my business from now on. Customer service is not difficult, people - even in the crappy food business.

It's a McDonald's so I wasn't expecting much, but when there is a family of 40 people and children running around barefoot screaming, along with garbage all over the floor and poop all over the toilet seat and on the floor, I think the manager should step in. When I said something he just thanked me. Not sure why.

As with everyone else on the particular McDonald's restaurant I'll pile on. Every single time I go to this McDonald's, they are slow, rude, and above all do NOT care one bit. The drive through is always 20 min or more wait time, the inside is not great either. I try to actively avoid this McDonald's now. Something needs to change there.

ZERO stars!!!   The manager for this evening's shift was rude!   She needs to be demoted or fired.   A customer waited patiently for 10 minutes and no one came to the register to take his order.   After waiting he asked for someone to take his order and all the workers, including the manager, just looked at each other.   None of the workers answered him.  He asked to speak to the manager.  The manager identify herself and angrily yelled that she was busy taking care of another customer.  So damn rude!

Happy 2015! Let's see how many fast food places I can review this year!  This McDonald's was recently renovated. The new indoor play place is awesome. It's like a three level mini gym for kids complete with obstacles and a slide. There's even a toddler area with interactive musical instruments that are surprisingly loud. My 2 1/2 year old daughter has a great time playing here and it's a convenient option when the weather is less than perfect to enjoy an outdoor playground or one of the nice parks in the NW. I'm not sure how it compares to other fast food play places but it's the first I've seen of its kind.  The food? You're not supposed to eat that garbage. Didn't you see Super Size Me? I stopped eating it in the 90s when a Beanie Babie collecting-relative fed me countless Happy Meals because she needed the Teenie Beanie toys that were included at the time. Or was it the time I discovered an unidentifiable blue object in a chicken nugget at a Girl Scouts event and became a vegetarian? Ah, food memories. I did enjoy the white chocolate mocha that was recently discontinued and I have a weakness for the warm strawberries and cream pie. Limited time only!

Like I have said before, having children makes it nearly a necessary thing to be at McDonalds about once a week. This isn't always for Happy Meals (we prefer home cooked food to fast food always - especially for our kids), but I don't mind treating him with a soft serve cone or a Sprite on the way home from the park, or maybe when he's been really good at the grocery store. They also tend to be a good caffeine fix for me when I don't feel like the Bux.   This McDonalds is on the way to Grandma's House so we make stops here more frequently than any other on this side of the valley. We've never encountered any problems more than the occassional broken straw here. Employees are generally pleasant. How much better could a Mickey D's get?

Honestly I go to this McDonalds way more than I should but they're always friendly and on it. I love this McDonald's.

Always very clean and the staff is nice. The new children's play place is great and very toddler friendly, I recommend it!

Update:  I am still not satisfied with how WBF runs their franchises, but in all fairness, I will add that WBF sent me a coupon for a free extra value meal because I was dissatisfied.  So I guess I will accept this, then return to McDonald's  until the extra $0.49 cents for each meal for extra sauce equals the worth of the coupon.

Tried to order a quarter pounder with extra pickles and they wanted to charge $.25 extra.  An additional $.25 for extra pickles??  You can go McFuck yourself

I will never give mcdonalds another penny of my money! It was 12:30am  and we went to the one on ann and Drexel first and they weren't accepting debit cards so we go a mile over to craig and tenaya they not only upcharged us 3 bucks for extra tartar sauce and pickle they tried  to charge full price until we mentioned the 2 for 5 deal, they then had the  nerve to make us wait for cold fish with one or 2 pickles and no extra tartar for us to call and complain wanting us to drive back after their screw up. Too bad I love your iced mochas and breakfast,  but after that kind of service I'll pass. You frankly deserve negative stars after that crappy of service. P.d that's the 2nd time your ann location declined bank cards.

The worst McDonalds I have been to. What happened to i'm lovin' it ®?  I asked for the 2 for $3.33 Sausage Egg McMuffin with a folded egg instead of the regular egg, which makes me sick. I have never had any issue at any other McDonald's. I was told we can not do it. After speaking to the manager and telling the lady taking my order. I was simply told our owner doesn't allow us to do that. The other option was to just order two sandwiches with folded eggs for about $6-7 dollars instead of the $3.33.  If I eat the egg the way it comes I will throw up. Please tell me how it is that hard to make an egg a different way on a sandwich.

I hadn't eaten there is quite awhile.  The fries and burger were very tasty.  But the service was great...very polite and quick.

Yep I'm not super excited about eating the food here either, but when we do decide to eat McDonalds we come to this location. I like that I can bring my kid here to play and get out of the Las Vegas weather in the windy winter months or the scorching heat of summer. There're are always lots of kids to play with, and I like that they have free wifi so I can catch up on computer work while the kids play. The play place is usually always clean, and they always have sanitizing wipes available to use.   Today I came here with my daughter and they were really busy. The guy that took my order inside stopped what he was doing to help me take my food to our table since I am in a wheelchair and it's hard for me to do. I thought it was kind of him to do since they were so busy. I rarely get that kind of consideration i really nice places let alone McDonalds. I was really impressed! I think I'm going to get his name. So, I can tell the boss.   All in all. This is a good place to come and hang out if you need an inexpensive indoor place to eat and play.

I changed my rating here after watching the manager scream at a homeless woman that I bought lunch for. She took her cup up to the fountain to fill it, (not a refill, her first time) and he ran over and started harassing her. I explained hat I purchased her meal and he started screaming at me about the cup having been outside.  He clearly didn't want a homeless person eating there and after I stood up to her and another group, so horrified by his behavior toward this woman, stormed out, he stomped away like an angry toddler.    Never again.  This isn't the Ritz, if someone las food is paid for, you should let them eat in peace.

This place is clean and staff is friendly!  Play area is always well kept as well as the bathrooms!  Great location right off of Craig and the 95 freeway.  Great getaway if you don't want to be outside in the Vegas heat!

Ok so I went to Starbucks inside Albertsons just as they are closing...ugh...no worries someone tells me. Theres a Starbuck's at the other end of the parking lot. Happy, I went back to work and on next break I walked to the Starbucks....ugh!!! They JUST closed!! Well Jack in the Box was across the street so I tried them...desperately seeking a carmel mocha frappuccino, the cashier say I'm sorry, all we have is iced coffee. I think Mc Donalds does though. (across the street). I'm thinking...is this really worth the chase?? ...mmmm.... To my surprise I LOVE their carmel frappe!!! Couldn't get carmel mocha but that was fine. I like the plain carmel better!!

This McDonalds is so close to my place that it's become a task to try not to stop by here on my way home.  So far I have not encountered any problems with either the staff or the food here and the service is still quick.  That's about all I can ask for in a McDonalds.  Keep up the good work.

These people want 15 an hour???? Rude stupid and out right nasty. The food was cold and gross. Right away I asked for no onions and no tomatoes and of course they were both on my burger so I Turned it in right away and asked for a sauce and they rudely replied saying its 16 cents right after he handed a young lady 3 of them when she only ordered fries and a burger. Tables were dirty and the napkins and ketchup cups were out of stock.

Mcdonalds is mcdonalds as far as good goes. What separates them from each other is service. This mcdonalds has nooooo idea what that means. The emergency door was beeping like a smoke detector with a bad battery. Other people were complaining about the same beep, and some got up and left the playroom. Notified the manager of the issue and she acted uninterested and gave me a look of disgust because I bothered her during social hour. I wish I was kidding or exaggerating about her face. The look almost turned me to stone. Bad manager!!

I have been eating McDonald's since I was a child. I was recently super happy McDonald's began serving Breakfast all day. However I was greatly disturbed on my last visit.    I ordered Hotcakes, as I normally do. When they arrived, the Styrofoam plate was melted on the outside and the pancakes were melted into the plastic. I am not a scientist but I know cooking food on Styrofoam is extremely unhealthy.   I was in disbelief, so I ordered another Hotcakes and watched to see how they were cooked.  What I saw made me sick, They would just plop 3 pancakes on the Styrofoam and them microwave the hotcakes right on the Styrofoam plate. Melting the Hotcakes into the plate.  I am still amazed by this. I wonder if this is McDonald's protocol, or the employee just being lazy. Anyways Eating McDonald's may be more carcinogenic than it appears ( which is bad)   Go to McDonald's and watch them melt your food into Styrofoam!! Sounds Yummy?

My son and I had lunch here today, After lunch I was getting some apple pies, My son went to refill drink cups, It wasn't working, I told the girl the drink machine wasn't working and the cashier chimed in saying we had to pay for it,They need to change the policy or have your cashiers make the drinks as it is very rude to be told to pay for a refill. When the sign states free refills for dine in only. Yes we did eat our lunch there.

I have to say I was bummed when they closed down to renovate because I stop daily before getting 12 year old from school. They are all so friendly and quick. The store looks beautiful and will be coming every afternoon now that they are open again

Yes, I often indulge myself with the fine cuisine that is found at my local McDonald's.  OK, OK really I try not to go there that often unless it's the only thing to eat or I'm hankerin' for a damn McNugget (which by the way I still HAVE NOT found which part on the chicken the nugget is on).  Addictive with Hot Mustard.  I went here exclusively this day because of the current coupons that came in the mail.  There were a bunch of decent ones, particularly the ones that are promoting you try the new McCrap...oi...I mean McWrap.  This is almost as catchy as that 'Fishay, Fishay' song from the previous McDonald's food campaign for Fish McBites over the Easter season.  I swear if I see a wall of fish singing this tune to me at any location I will make like Grizzly Adams and run for the hills.    I took my McWrap coupon and waltz into my closest McDonald's.  The visit's coupon was for a free McWrap of my choice with the purchase of any menu item (including the $1 Value Menu).  I got me a $1 Sweet Tea (1/2 & 1/2 to avoid extra sugar) to go with my McWrap.  I chose the Chicken & Bacon McWrap, grilled.  Oi, why McDonald's thought this thing could compete with a $5 footlong from Subway I don't know.  My Chicken & Bacon McWrap was really MEH.  The chicken was ok but was on the cold side, and my bacon?  Damn stuff is the same thing they put on your typical McDonald's breakfast fare.  Skinny and not much flavor.  The chicken was warm enough that it completely wilted the Spring Mix type lettuce in my McWrap.  Either that...or the Spring Mix was not cold to begin with!  I hate that.  Overly soggy lettuce.  Bleech.  The tomatoes that came in my McWrap were warm as well.  Not to mention, I have a feeling my McWrap was made prior to my ordering because the tortilla it came in was showing signs of sogginess too.  Not made fresh me thinks!  These guys and their speed over quality sometimes.  Taste?  I rather have a wrap somewhere else and pay a bit more.  The flavors just weren't that great to justify a regular price of $4 per McWrap.  If I didn't have this coupon I wouldn't have bothered trying it.  The best part about the McWrap was the damn box it came in!  It was cool & hip, and I felt like I was unwrapping a present when I tore through that seal.  But other than that, nothing.  I would have much rather used the coupon for a free Happy Meal with purchase.  I love those things!  But only when they come in the actual Happy Meal box with the Golden Arches handles, not in a friggin' paper bag.  Grrrrr....I hate it when my Happy Meal comes in a regular bag.  Makes me NOT happy.  Anyway, this trip to McDonald's was a bit of a bust.  Was hoping to give them a chance with this new fandangled McCrap...darn it there I go again...McWrap, but it just didn't impress me.  If they were made upon ordering and with much fresher ingredients, and not sitting by a heat lamp then maybe it would have been a better experience.  Maybe I should hit up another McDonald's and give this thing another shot.  Well, at least I had a coupon for buy one Dipped Cone, get one free!  I double fisted that sucker all the way home!  Ok, I actually shared for once.

Fantastic! would have to be the best MCD i have been to in Vegas.  I've lived in east Las Vegas and just recently moved to this side of town and out of all of them this one has the most friendliest staff and cleanest location.  I've been here at 3am and 9 am on different occasions and always the food comes out perfect and well cooked.  The restaurant is spacious and is recently renovated as well.  Not to mention that this is perfect spot to have a coffee and catch up on emails on you laptop. The tables are clean and large   Pros  - Clean & Friendly - Awesome Internet Cafe  - Fast service   Cons - Not applicable

If I told you that McDonald's was a big factor in my weight loss of 20 lbs last year, you probably wouldn't believe me. Not unless you are one of my coworkers that see me at work every morning eating my Sausage McMuffin and have witnessed my slimmer physique.   Well, it's true. Breakfast really is the most important meal of the day and I found that skipping breakfast is not a good idea if you're trying to lose weight/get fit. Even though its not the most wholesome breakfast option, this is the quickest, cheapest way for me to get my morning meal.  I am not writing anything about McDonald's that you might already know. I'm writing about this particular location. They are always super fast and efficient at the drive thru and every employee I've encountered over the past few years here are very friendly. I come here so often that I should just write a review and give kudos to the Mon-Fri morning crew for always getting my order out fast, quick and in a hurry before heading to work. Even when the drive thru lane is packed, they move it pretty quickly so I've never found myself sitting in my car for more than a few minutes.  So just in case you're wondering what I order every morning here it is: a sausage Egg White Delight and a medium sugar-free vanilla iced coffee. I automatically throw away one piece of the muffin to save on carbs. I know it sounds crazy but it works. For me, a carb conscious way of life works best. And this keeps me satiated enough until I have to nuke my Lean Cuisine around noon time.

My son loves to go to the play place, usually the kids are nice, the parents are nice too. Employees are polite for the most part, bathrooms are clean. Sadly this area has more crime each time I come here so I just stopped going.

If it wasnt for breakfast all day they get a 1 star.  in a pinch, under hangry circumstances, i love this place, so 2 stars is fair.   no more than once a month, if you want to live a long and prosperous life....go to the gym or walk instead...bring water and trust me....

Count your change at drive thru.  Went there last week and gal gave me a dollar bill instead of a five I couldn't back up since a car was kissing my bumper so when I got to the second window I told that gal what happen and the manager wasn't any help either.  He told me if I want to wait while he counts the drawer I was upset knowing the change and receipt was still in my hand and he made me feel I was lying. I told him it's just 4 bucks that I got shorted and that cashier will definitely be over in her drawer...  Gave them another chance tonight and to my surprise ordered sundaes but was told no ice cream then I ordered the big breakfast with hot cakes but was told it's not available. They should redo the menu boards and stop saying All Day Breakfast? It's just laziness they probably cleaned the ice cream machine earlier then they should have and said no ice cream and too lazy to make the breakfast. So sad. They menu should be available all the way until they close. What's funny this is not the first time they don't have breakfast & ice cream. So lame.  Oh well there's other places around the area I can go to instead lame excuses. Duh!

This is a nice McDonald's.  The place is always clean, the staff is friendly, and it usually isn't too crowded, except for the drive thru, which always has a long line any time of day it seems.  The inside seating area is always clean and well stocked.  I come here with my daughter so she can play in their play area.  She is 18 months and loves all of the climbing this McDs has.  This play area is always nice and clean as well.  In fact when we are there, someone is always cleaning it or just finishing up cleaning the area.  They even go through the tunnels and all.  It is a nice place, especially on those blistering summer days when it is too hot to go to the park.  My only complaint would be that they hide the sweet tea behind the counter.  I am a sweet tea addicted and it is a little annoying to have to go up to the counter to get a refill, especially when you have to wait in line with everyone ordering.  I need my sweet tea fix and waiting just doesn't count it.    Overall, it is a nice McDonald's.

This cafe is not a safe place for studying or getting any business work done. Do not come here if you plan on staying longer than a half hour - even as a paying customer.  Today, while studying material for medical school, I was kicked out and asked not to come back. Apparently, I was there for too long. In my experience, Cafe and free wi-fi is to attract students/business persons to come, buy their product, study/work, and buy more product. The owner has informed me that no customer, paying or not, is allowed to stay at their facility for longer than a half hour.  The owner also informed me that my family was not to use the PlayPlace for longer than a half hour - even if we made purchases every half hour.  If you plan on studying/working, go to to another cafe. I stay at the Starbuck's across the street for hours on end and it seems to fit with their business plan.  Of course, I nor my fellow students, have ever had a problem in any other cafe/restaurant that advertises free wi-fi. According to the owner, this is always bad business.  For the business owner's education; http://www.yelp.com/topic/chicago-studying-at-cafe-etiquette , http://starbucksgossip.typepad.com/_/2009/09/do-you-care-if-a-computeruser-sits-in-your-store-all-day-nursing-one-cup-of-coffee.html, https://theinnocentlam.wordpress.com/2012/08/26/lifestyle-studying-in-starbucks-how-long-is-too-long/, https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100317141150AAshluO. Applicable to McCafe

I understand that this is McDonald's but a person taking an order shouldn't make fun of someone with a speech impediment. My husband was nice enough to order for me which he has worked up to for the last three years because he is very self conscious of his stutter. I used to order everything for us but he has gotten some confidence to place the orders, until tonight... my husband was ordering and he was having pauses between his speech because he was trying to get his words out properly, and this super rude child of a drive through cashier then replies with pauses between his speech.... after my husband finished making fun of how my husband was speaking...I'm disgusted....

Worst mcdonalds ever headed by the rudest manager joann and the laziest slowest and most incompetent staff to follow her example nothing here ever gets done right let alone do they show any customers a smidge of respect, honestly i enjoy mcdonalds but this location disgusts me with its lack of efforts in every category possible

McDonalds is a McDonalds, they are pretty much the same. Except this one was a bit different. Looked nice inside, roomy and clean. Either a new building or they have remodeled it recently. No disgusting odors or greasy floors. The stuff is polite, the service is fast. I ordered a file fish sandwich, it was good. Nothing extraordinary, but not bad at all.

Yes!  It finally happened with drive thru.  Ok, I just got a mocha frap drink but the kid was so excited since the driver in front of me looked like Rachel Ray I got a smile and I got a really good drink.  I even got a straw too!  I have to give them a thumbs up!  I have to say I love the drink and please don't tell my friends at Starbucks but I like it better than the Mocha Frap there.....shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  plz don't tell!  :)

Vague memories of stopping in after a get together with friends but had the wrappers (w/ buns cause I eat no bread) and a crumpled up receipt.  Mickey D's the processed hamburger version of Starbucks.  As my brother once told me, It's better to eat S%&# then not eat anything at all.

I usually only give good reviews. I came to this location as it is close to where I live. The last four times, my order has been wrong twice. Who the heck is checking the quality control?!  It's not that hard. When the order is A number 2 meal with orange juice it and breakfast sandwich, hash browns and a drink. Come on. By the time I get home and see my order is incomplete I don't go back and wait in that line. I won't be coming here again. From the previous reviews, I'm surprised you have customers at all. All McDonald's food tastes the same and any location. This location has TERRIBLE customer service and TERRIBLE quality control.

Waiting 25 minutes for a miserable fast food breakfast is unacceptable considering there were only 4 cars in line.  I would rather starve myself or listen to my children scream at the top of their lungs in the back of the car than stop here.

I just came back from here. The drive thru was crazy, of course because of the time (1130).   There was a young employee setting up an umbrella and a sign. He was the ONLY one who was nice, which you would think, in this heat, he would be a little snappy.  The other two employees I greeted, said hello to, asked them how they were. No response.  Unreal. But my order was right.

On occasion they give good service but for the most part everyones rude and fries are stale. I hate this location and wouldn't come back if it wasn't for my son who of course like many children don't know any better and love McDonald's.

Ya know what you're getting from McDonald's as they have perfected their uniform menu items across all locations..... But this McDonald's seems to screw up my drink order EVERY time in the drive thru. I order a large Dr Pepper and I always get a coke....or a diet something. It's been 4 for 4 since I've been keeping track. I get it, we all make mistakes, but every time?! It just happened again today. I not need to make a mental note to take a sip of my drink before I pull away. Thanks Obama.

I have to tell you all about the worst McDonald's experience I have ever had.  First off as we were talking into the drive thru microphone, the guy wasn't listening to the order. Then we paid 20$ for our food, waited forever because it was busy, and when we finally got our food the Big Mac was ICE COLD! and the double quarter pounder was ROCK HARD like it had been sitting on the heat lamp for 6 hours. So we go back to the drive thru and tell the guy who took the order about our horrible food and he slams the window shut as he said We will make you another one. We got to the pick-up window and the lady that handed us the new burgers is super rude and never apologizes for the inconvenience. When my husband says how bad the food was, she had this so what attitude and says you got new ones didn't you?  When my husband asked her why she was being so rude she just stares at him like we are a waste of her time and slams the window shut and says have a nice day.  I will NEVER COME BACK TO THIS MCDONALD'S AGAIN!  There must have been no customer service training offered here at all.  By far,  THE WORST MCDONALD'S I have ever been to!!!

Went today at 1245pm and the line was ridiculous, no surprise there tho. The older gentleman that took my order rushed me and forgot my extra sauce on the receipt. I mentioned it at the second window and the younger man happily reassured me that he would let the preparer know. He also reread my order back as he was handing it out the window. Came home and started eating my crispy chicken sandwich (new guacamole sandwich) which came to be nearly impossible by how rubbery it was! So I started on my burger (new BBQ bacon burger) just to realize that it wasn't thoroughly cooked! How disgusting! Ever heard of E. Coli? Salmonella? Listeria? Thanks McDonald's.

On two separate occasions my husband and I brought our kids here for some happy meals and play time and there was some kind of spit or snot in my drink the first time and some kind of spit or snot in two of my three kids drinks the second time.  I ALWAYS look before any of us drink from any fast food and thank goodness I do!!  I will never take my kids there again and I don't advise anyone go to that location.  We are sending a letter to corporate.

This place is sad !!!!! Most employees are very rude ! The manager is so rude and needs to be fired. Her name I believe is rose or rosa something to that nature ! They throw your food together and most of the time fries are under cook or cold !!!! Please don't ask for a ice cream cone it's never upright but always messy!!!!!! This day manager has NO PEOPLE SKILLS at all !!!!!!!!!  Corporations needs to fire her !!!!!!!! Have customer service lessons for their employees for sure

This Mcdonalds has drastically improved since they put in the new drive-thru system.  I used to have to pull around front everyday and wait extra time for food or coffee. The only real issue I have is that their specialty coffee is never consistent.  It tastes different everytime!

becoming a fan of the mcfrappes and smoothies. mcnuggets are always a good choice and easy to eat. drive thru os always busy go inside to avoid the wait. one time they made me park around the corner to give me my shamrock shake.

I used to live on this side of town and would come here once in awhile. Back then, the service was alright. I had to wait once in awhile at the front because the drive through was backed up. And they would get my order right. Today, when I stopped for a quick bite to eat before class, I went through the drive through and was surprised that the line wasn't too crazy. I ordered a McDouble, no pickles, medium french fries and a large sweet tea. Paid & got my food - awesome quickness. BUT when I got to school and started to eat - my cheese burger had pickles. Not only did it have pickles, it had the receipt that said (1) McDouble; NO pickles. And my sweet tea was watered down and not so sweet, more like bland. Also, my french fries was thrown in the bag & practically poured out of the little holder. Really McDonald's? We're going to lower our food services because we have an updated drive through terminal? Just because I go through drive through, does not mean you RUSH me through. I like my food to be made to order. Thanks.

You know I don't write reviews for fast food but I probably should. I mean they are people too and small business owners as well. I come here every now and then during lunch from classes. It is what it is. It's McDonald's. Recently I tried the grilled chicken and it was pretty good. I supersized it for $1 more. Yes, that's right I did the unthinkable and anachronistic ritual of supersizing! Then again I am a buck fifty and 5'7. I can supersize all I want technically. But I only get fries or go to MCD once in a while. More often for a cold drink in summer than eat the food. But this place is clean. It has lots of comfortable tables. The employees are cheery, clean, and hard working. So they should be commended for that. This location looks like a franchisee location. But I have no complaints. Once time some dumb kids took their bikes inside and a mother scolded them and forced them to take their bikes back outside so I can see that families come here as well.  So for fast food, this is a good location that I've enjoyed coming to through the years even though I don't live here on Horizon anyymore...not for quite a few years.

Wow! WORST. SERVICE. EVER. 30 minutes to get my breakfast order. Everyone was waiting for their orders. Never again. Avoid this location like plague!

I asked them NO meat on my breakfast brisket and it was repeted to the person makin it.and when I got it there was becon on it.. but eggs were good n fresh

This McDonalds is not too bad, sometimes it's hit & miss here. The experiences I've had with customer service was ok and a few times they've messed up on my order but was gladly able to fix the issues. The location of the drive thru is horrible, they could have designed it better with a crammed small parking lot it makes for an inconvenience wait while cars are trying to maneuver around you just to exit the parking lot.

shit !  It took 25 minutes to get my food at 12:30 in the afternoon on Friday the 11th. I'm not going back

A little disappointed that this large franchise does not support military by offering a discount but what do you expect...its McDonalds! I bought my son a happy meal with chicken nuggets, yogurt, milk, and fries. And I bought myself a quarter pounder for $4, I think it should be a lil lower than that if I'm just buying the burger.

All i wanted was some ice cream and they never have it!!! How does every other one have freaking ice cream except this one. It's the stupidest thing I've ever heard!!!

I could have sworn that I wrote a review for this McD's already.  Oh well, here it goes.  It's McDonald's, what can I say?  This location recently went through a major overhaul and has been completely remodeled.  Surprisingly, they handled it well.  For awhile the drive thru was totally closed, then the lobby was closed, then both were closed.  They moved quickly and everything is now completed.  I've not ever been in the lobby, so I can't comment on that - but the drive through is nice.  It now has 2 lanes for ordering, which eases some of the congestion and back up that happens at this location.  The staff I have encountered have always been friendly (considering) and I've not ever had any issues with my food.  I try and stay away from here as much as possible, but it's super convenient if I'm in a rush and starving.

The reason why the 1-star.... ALWAYS getting our orders wrong OR missing something in our orders!!! Unfortunately, it's the closest to my house & whenever we wanna get a quick bite to eat on our way home from where ever we are, this McD's is just on the way.  There are some workers that are really nice & then theres the ones that don't even acknowledge that you're even there @ the drive thru window for who knows how long! On top of waiting & NO greeting... somethings missing in my bag!!  I normally just do the drive thru's here.  Never ate in here yet so I have no idea how the service is in there.  I've noticed though, they go through a lotta new workers.  My hubby on MANY  occasions would have a messy ass burger.  I mean it literally looks like they slapped on all the meat & cheese like they did it w/ a blindfold & don't even wrap the burgers nicely w/ the wrapper.  Enough to pick up the burger out of the bag & ALL the contents of that burger falls right out! WTH?!?!   I strongly suggest when coming to this location.... CHECK YOUR ORDER before driving away when going through drive thru.  I do even if there's a long line @ the drive thru window.

Quite possibly the slowest McDonald's to exist. They take forever to give out the orders no matter what time of day it is. The line is always long inside and out and it doesn't seem very sanitary. Because it's so convenient, I'll still go here but, they need to improve on their speed.

So I come here before class because I'm a college student with limited cash. The line goes outside the building and there is only one cashier. Completely understaffed. I waited about half an hour before I could get my food. Until this place gets more workers, do not come here. From observation, the drive threw line is packed and also slightly blocks the road to get into the parking lot for the McDonalds.   The staff was friendly, she did smile and said thank you. Unfortunately, everything else about this place is terrible.

This location is one tiny step above disgusting.  Middle of the day=food is cold, dry, and/or soggy.  Morning=the same cold and gross food.  Even this super-busy Friday evening with lines around the block, the burgers are cold, buns are stale, fries are greasy and soggy, and the nuggets had on off-taste.  My other half through hers away and made a sandwich.  The only plus side is it didn't give me dysentery.    How does the food come out cold when they are at capacity, I wonder?  Well, 25 years ago I worked fast food, so I'd guess they pre-made as much of the menu mainstays as possible and threw them in a bag as the orders came in.  The management is either incompetent or oblivious.  Either way this place sucks.

It sucks to get home and you are missing items. Long line, only 1 cashier, they only worry about how quick they can turn the drive through.

I would never be the person that makes a scene, but i was almost tempted to today. I ordered the chicken nuggets meal and i had eaten four of the chicken nuggets when I looked down and saw a brown, singed hair in my chicken nuggets. I knew this was not my hair because i am blonde. I was completely disgusted and went and nicely told the cashier that there was a hair in my food and i would like a refund. She yelled to her manager that i wanted a refund because there was a hair in my food. Not once did he apologize or offer me anything else. Not that I wanted that, just an apology. He didn't even give me the full refund for my meal. The main thing that upset me was his lack of good customer service and AN APOLOGY. Not surprised though because it is Mcdonalds.

This location is currently undergoing a renovation, so the front counter is closed. The other night I went through the drive through, ordered, and asked for the smoothie deal (buy one get one free, any size) and they told me you had to go to the counter for that. SERIOUSLY? I'm less upset by the fact that I didn't get my smoothie than the simple stupidity of that statement. And this morning, they forgot my drink with my order. And the manager wanted me to drive through again. Seriously? Just get me my chocolate milk dude! And why was I allowed into apparent construction zone?? It's supposed to be closed, there's guys working all over the place, and they let me just walk right through them. In a hoodie, green plaid and Birkenstocks. I did it just to see if they'd let me in. And I stood there for a good five minutes before the manager asked me drive around again. And a couple weeks ago, I found a HAIR IN MY CHIKEN NUGGETS. A black, curly hair. And the manager laughed, and told me I can get anything on the menu. Didn't say a word to anyone working back there! Disgusting. I'm done with this location.

The credit card system is down  and they don't tell you until you get up to order. So than you are stuck in line to pull through.

Ate breakfast on a Saturday morning. The drive-thru was crazy busy!   We went inside, and got our food quickly and efficiently. Quality was good, and the lobby was clean. As good as it gets for McDonald's grub!

I take my gfs son here pretty often but I Hate it due to the fact that the only people that actually work in this establishment are the elderly maintenance gentleman and one fairly old woman behind the counter.  I mean I get it right first job fast food handler and you don't get paid much. But come on how many times can you screw up a burger when they post on the board what should and should not be on it!  I want to cut them some slack but it is on every dang visit and that is just unacceptable. If they can't jack it seems them packing plenty of kids looking to work find some that will actually put some effort into something I think we all agree on can't really be that difficult.  Or just keep being terrible what do I know you are all over the planet after all.

I've been to many Mcdonald around the valley and I always order the same thing. I like the large sugar-free vanilla ice coffee with 4 Splenda. Only this location is consistent and it alway taste good. I told that to the girl at the window and she said, we try!  I guess that means the rest of them don't.   Good job!

Terrible. Rude. Alecia, the general manager, would not even give me the information for the store for my complaint. They would not accept coupons. They said they were franchise and had a right to refuse. No smiles. Very unfriendly. Look at their reviews. They are obviously onto some terrible service. The manager is staring at me while I am outside in my own vehicle writing this review. This place is a joke!

Really?? Who are all of these people hanging out at both doors? I have no problem with homeless people or anyone who is dirty and doesn't know how to take care of themselves. But to see these people hanging out by the door the whole time like its a popular hangout spot after school. Can't any of the employees at least keep the premise nice and clean? Seeing these people staring at me w my laptop and telling me to give them my phone so they can use it. That wasn't a comfortable experience for me at all. The manager needs to do something about it. (Speaking of the devil) as I wrote what I just said, a manager went outside and looked at these people. Did and said nothing and walked back in. I'm not coming back here anymore. I don't need to be at a place with non-customers bothering me for my phone or whatever while in sitting down and eating.

Dropped to a one star review for shitty business practices and hiring shady bastards at the register.

dirty all the time, food never cooked right, people do not speak english, need to get the playground out of there, kids run all over the place, screaming, and they walk around without shoes, they let anyone use the bathroom and most of the time people from the outside are using the bathrooms to take a bath in.

this mcdonald's is always providing quick customer service. staff is friendly. drive-thru has double lanes which also makes it quicker. other than that to be honest i don't like mcdonald's. im simply reviewing the service. which i think is fast and friendly. im not a fan of the food. my kid wanted chicken nuggets.

When my children were young we spent many hours at this place while they reveled in their toy from the Happy Meal and played in the DISGUSTING playhouse of plastic balls.  The kids grew and soon they remodeled the joint.  The thankfully took that pinkeye pit out and tried to modernize the place to make it hip.  It was worth a try but sadly it didn't work.  Food is still the same lame fare you get at any McDonald's. As empty nesters we don't have to eat there anymore. However, there are times things are going bad for the hubby and  this is comfort food.  I guess it's nostalgia.  I can choke back a burger like I used to with the kids and hate myself later as I burp up the taste of McFood the rest of the night.  Worth it to see the hubby happy.  The fries are about the only thing that is worth the time.  Thank goodness they still serve Coke too.

i love this place. everytime i come here the workers are so nice and they always do as i ask them to and not mess anything up and if they do they correct it with no problem. the guy in the driver thru window always has a smile and is very polite. they make me happy each time. if you need a quick meal stop in and see them today

This is one of the fastest McDonald's I've been to. I went there for lunch today and had a big order since a lot of my co workers begged me to go for them. The staff was patient and courteous they had my food ready pretty fast and always smiled.. the thing that I liked the most Is that they were able to do 2 separate orders for one car. I'll definitely go there again the next time I forget my lunch... :)

This location has a speedy drive through and they do a good job at getting the order correct.  They're consistent.

Ok, so I've been eating at McDonald's recently.  I swore them off a few years ago when they changed what they cooked their food in, and it was making my stomach churn.  But, as of late, sometimes I need something quick and I swing in here to curb my hunger from time to time.  Overall, the place is good.  Two drive thru lines, clean location, food is predictable and it still makes my stomach churn.  But, I must say, this place has quite the variety of clientle.  For example, one time I was reading Dave Mustaine's autobiography.  The young girl behind the counter asked who it was. I started to explain that he formed Megadeth after getting kicked out of Metallica back in the day.  Her eye's glazed over and she had no clue who or what I was referring too.  Does this make me old? No. It just was sad that people don't know this stuff.  *sigh*  Another time there was a fundraiser for the Middle school I live close to and the teachers were raising money by running the registers.  That was pretty cool.  Other times its quiet in here and there's nothing going on.  Tonight I went with the Southern Chicken sandwich, and it was tasty.  I also was getting checked out by a sort of cute gangbanger while I ate who had tattoos on his head.  On the way out a lady was punching and kicking a road construction cone on the way into the parking lot. She must have walked from across the street.  Poor cone...  Anyways, place isn't half bad and I think I'm done eating Micky D's for a while...

A young man down on his luck sits in the booth at the McDonalds ask for absolutely nothing one of your staff sees him sitting there and has an issue with this I walk up and tell him I'm getting him something to eat and the manager said that I don't care he needs to go now I hope she's never in that position

This McDonald's has a friendly staff and consistently good food. Has for a long time.

This McDonald's is a nice, fast one. They have the double drive-through lanes to order from, and then the lane turns in to one as you head to the pick-up window. The people there were friendly and efficient.   Quick service, and I was on my way in less than 10 minutes, after being in a line of at least 5 cars ahead of me. Now that's what I call lightning fast!

What I usually expect from McDonald's. Train station is right in front of it, so homeless folk can be abundant regularly. They don't ask for anything though, which makes it alright. Sometimes they charge their phones or use WiFi. I think it's great that managers let them without harassing them.

Went to order chicken nuggets through the drive through. Found out McDonald's discontinued my favorite spicy/hot mustard sauce. I left without ordering anything... Won't be back. DISAPPOINTED!!

Okay, I know it's just McDonald's, but I feel this particular location deserves a good review.   After moving away from this McDonalds, I realized just how great the service is here. The staff is friendly (all the time) and fast! No waiting at this McDonalds. By the time you pay in the drive-thru, move up to the second window, your food is waiting; fresh and hot!  The food is just what you would expect from McDonalds. So I'm not going to waste my time critiquing  it.

Appears to have been recently renovated inside. Everything else is what you would expect at an average McDonald's chain location.

The staff are professional and fast.  The locally made craft burgers and fries ate the best in Cleveland.  Best Burgers 2013!  Try a healthy Oatmeal or Egg McMuffin.   All the food is made to order so please understand it takes longer, it isn't Instant food.  It is high quality fast casual Burgers, Chicken and Fries.  They get fresh baked buns daily from a local baker.

CUP was filthy. Unfortunately I did not notice the sprinkles of hair in my cup until after I finished my beverage and removed the lid to eat the ice. Not only was there hair, but a collection of unnameable black specks plastered to the bottom. I don't expect a perfectly clean cup but this was unacceptable.   The staff is gossipy; visibly having personal phone calls on the store phone. They spend so much time laughing and playing they their store can't even obey food safety standards.

Walked into the restaurant, asked one of the customers if the lines were backed up/if the workers were busy. There was a group of people at the counter, and they all started to laugh at me while looking at me with disgust. I blew it off and walked up to the counter to order my food. As i was ordering, one of the workers walked around the counter to where the group of people were standing and started laughing along with them, making rude/racial comments and started staring me down. The employee walked back around the counter to the food prep area, made a comment to one of the other employees, who then looked at me and laughed. At that point i discontinued my order, concerned after getting the impression that they were going to mess with my food. Being the only non-African American person in there, I never felt so intimidated and humiliated in my life. Ive never had a situation like that anywhere I've ever been my entire life. After years of eating at McDonalds 3 or 4 times a week, I will never go to McDonalds again and I'm thinking of taking legal action against McDonalds and this locations workers, as I've never felt so uncomfortable and intimidated in my life. I left there hungry, shaken up and feeling mistreated/discriminated against.

After a terrible morning on a rainy day, I sort of lost my cool in this store and stormed out without my food. I sat in my car fuming (over something stupid) and who I suspect to be the supervisor walked out and brought me my food, and had such a look of care and compassion in her eyes that it made me feel bad for being an idiot. It was a small gesture but meant so much. Thank you.

Let's just say, if you what fast food then this is definitely NOT the place for you at all !! Service is horrible, they really could care less if you get your order in a timely manner. Stay away !!!!

So bad, I went and they wouldn't stop fighting! I mean literally screaming at each other about stealing from the register and swearing and talking about not being able to get fired for stealing cuz he won't be able to pay child support and how everyone's on drugs. Then the manager finally showed up... and started screaming and swearing too... so moral of the story: don't bring your kids and it's a good place if you want to get  ghetto jerry springer-Esque entertainment while eating.

I go to fast food places a few times a year, at best, so maybe my expectations are a little skewed, but my latest experience at McDonald's left a lot to be desired. There's really no use in rating the actual food, as it's hard to screw up food at a McDonald's. It's all subpar grub, but my penchant for getting filet-o-fish sandwiches this time of year lives on anyway, so I had to go satiate my once-a-year craving.  My issue was with the service. I walked in and the employees were just chatting it up with their friends and off-hours coworkers who were on the customer side of the counter. It was around 11pm and the lack of customers inside of the restaurant made it pretty obvious that I was the only person waiting for my order to be taken, but that didn't stop the employees behind the counter from finishing their conversations before taking my order.  After I finally put my order in, I seemed to wait an eternity (in fast food terms) for my two filet-o-fish sandwiches, regular McBites, and medium french fry order. It was hardly a complicated order, but I've waited less time during peak hours at other fast food chains in the past. Thankfully, there was ONE girl working who saw me standing there for a long time, and asked, are his McBites up yet?...where are they? I was happy that someone had finally addressed the situation, but it shouldn't have taken that long.  Again, I'm aware that showing up at 11pm will probably increase my odds of walking into a late-night, preparing-for-the-next-day mess of a restaurant, but even in fast food, it's absurd to think that the level of cleanliness that I walked into is acceptable. Not to mention, the one girl who was working announcing that she was going to pee  while I was standing there. I wasn't offended at all, but I found it odd that she thought that was acceptable to say in front of a customer.  I guess this experience reminded me of why I limit my trips to fast food chains as much as possible.

As I stated before , I don't review chain restaurants unless something is outstanding or horrible . Well , this place is beyond horrible . If I could give negative  stars I would . The food was typical McDonalds . Not good or bad . The service , however , was terrible . As I placed my order , the greeting I got was  what do you want  . The woman who waited on my obviously didn't finish the sixth grade and didn't care about manners . She was slow as molasses even though there were several people in line behind me . After taking time out to BS to a coworker about her weekend , she gave me my order and never said  thankyou . I replied  your welcome  very loudly to make a point but got a mean stare in return . I asked to speak to manager but was told he was busy for next 15 minutes or so . I left and as I was driving away , I saw the manager and two other workers grabbing a smoke near the rear door . No wonder the service was horrible !!! Will never stop here again .

The single, worst McDonald's franchise I've ever seen.  It is consistently 10+ minutes to get in & out.  There is always chaos behind the counter -- orders are wrong, the line moves VERY slowly, and the whole process frequently grinds to a halt.  Great location, but just the worst efficiency I've ever seen in a McDonald's.  And, it's been this bad for YEARS.

This is the worst McDonalds in the world. I've eaten at a lot of McDonalds in a lot of locations this is absolutely the sorriest mistake McDonalds ever did by giving these people a franchise. McDonalds get smart and take back your franchise and give it to an American.

Westlake 2 McDonald's you've done it again! Your cashier told me this location doesn't serve all day breakfast when the location done the street confirmed you do!!!  To anyone reading this review both McDonald's in Westlake are corporate stores meaning they are not owned or operated by a franchisee.

This is the worst location ever! I refuse to go to this location. In all the years that I went, I never had an order that was correct.  The staff was rude, and one time when I stopped, one employee had her child there just running wild behind the counter

Poor service, cold sandwich, hard bread, dirty store, wallpaper falling off the wall. Don't waste your time at this one.

Waited 10 minutes for a mocha frappe. Nobody came to talk to me about what exactly it was I was waiting for or apologize for the wait. He handed me the drink and I asked what was the wait for? He slammed the window in my face and ignored me. I beeped my horn and he continued to look up at the screen and ignore me. I would've sat and waited for him to have to acknowledge me, but I was late picking my son up from school. I drive by every day. I will never stop again. I also tried to call - no answer (surprise, right?). And these people want $15 an hour?

Why the hell would they plan on sealing their parking lot in the middle of the day during lunch hour! Piss poor planning.

Went thru the drive-thru at approx. 1040P.M. Eager to try the buttermilk chicken sandwich. $4.59 got me a old dry chicken filet. old hard bun, 1 piece of extremely thin wilted lettuce, and all workers were extremely friendly as they were knowingly ripping me off. You guys and your clown will never top Wendys or Arbys for a quality chicken sandwich product. I would be more understanding if I was charged the more appropriate $1,00 Mcchicken price, O, and no receipt was given to me. I had to hurry to work. Never again!

New Years Day, stopped for a quick bite to eat at 11:30 am. Quick? Not so much. The drive-thru line was busy, maybe 8 cars. I dined in, and that line had about 2 or 3 couples ahead of me plus at least that many waiting for their food after ordering. One unenthusiastic young lady working the register. A whole bunch of workers running around that didn't accomplish much but burned a lot of energy doing it, and all of them were churlish to customers. Took about 10 minutes waiting to order and 10 more to get the food. One ice machine was empty, there was some metal thing sitting askew under the beverage spigots, which made it tough to get a drink. No salt, pepper, etc., just napkins and straws. The french fries had zero salt, so salt shakers or packets would have been nice. I am not from the area, but I wouldn't return anyway if I were.

Extremely disappointed this morning. Asked for two steak and egg burritos (had been 2 @$3). They originally charged $3.38. I asked if the special was still good and she came back and said yes. So, drive to window, given my order and drive off. Get to my destination in lakewood and open the bag. The two burittos are literally half the size they usually are!  What a joke. And they had obviously made them while i waited at the window for the girl to check the price-there was no timestamp sticker. A bit unethical if you ask me.

I drive up and down 90 and have eaten at every McD and this is the worst over all.  Service is always slower than normal, today's visit I was only customer and they couldn't get the order right.   I love McD but not this one

A good place to take kids.It sells good food,just the same as any other mcdonalds.The staff were polite and helpful.It isnt to pricey as its affordable food at a great quality.

This is just a regular branch of McDonalds with everything you would expect on the menu. The good thing about it is that it's rather large so even if you go in at peak time during lunch time you will generally always find a seat. It's nice to sit upstairs and watch out over Princes Street. It's also a prime location if you find yourself shopping on Princes Street and find yourself in need of some refreshment.  You do need to watch yourself in the queue though as the entrance is quite small so if everyone stands in the one queue you'll be queuing along the Street so watch out for chancers trying to slither there way into the front. Cheeky.  On a recent visit here I was clumsy as ever and we experienced Frieageddon as I spilt all my bottled water over G-Bot's chips and they were left drowning in a watery grave. Oops.

Ahh Mc D's, how many times you have helped me in my pursuit to kill off a hangover. McDonald's is a real favourite with students, because they do a great deal where you get a free hamburger, cheeseburger or McFlurry with every meal that you buy.  I sometimes attempt to have a half decent healthy meal, by choosing from the deli menu, but even these probably pack a good punch when it comes to calories. When it comes to choosing a drink, I normally opt for a  tropicana or a bottle of water  with the meal instead of fizzy drinks.  The Waverley McDonalds is usually pretty busy, but actually less so than the one just off Princes Street, as I don't think as many people know about it nestled away in the corner of Princes Mall and with an entrance on the Waverley Steps

This place is definitely not for the Faint Hearted  It's down right depressing. The staff are well.. Less than cheery which I've always found it to be rather odd.. As McDonalds is surely aimed at Kids?.. No?   It's all business now... You can see it in the staffs faces as they slowly zombie walk around wether it be sweeping the overly salted cold chips from the floor. Or sympathetically handing a ball of breath to some poor child that's trying to figure out what the happy meal toy actually does?.   The image of the restaurant.. If you'd call it that definitely has changed over the years.

I know this definitely isn't a local business, but I truly love McDonald's!! Morgan Spurlock showed us what can happen if you let these guys rule your life, yet for the rest of us under eighteen stone, it's fine.  My personal favourite has to be a large quarter pounder with cheese meal along with a free burger which you get with student ID.  Only £3.99 and it's perfect for the occasional lunch or dinner.   I've got a pretty bad memory of this particular branch in Princes Street Mall.  WhenI was seventeen I came through to Edinburgh with my friend for a party at my sister's flat.  In the morning, on the way to the bus, we stopped off for a good old MaccyD's.  I got some chicken nuggets with chips and drink.  I left them on a table and went to get a napkin.  When I came back some woman who was sitting down at our table with her son had just chucked them in the bin!!  I was flabbergasted.

It's just your typical mcdonalds... but it opens early, practically in Waverly Station, and unlike other McDonalds in the UK, the Cloud provided free WFfi actually DOES work quite well.

*Sigh*   It wasn't supposed to be like this.   Alright, now that I've got my bearings, let me just premise my statements by noting that just because I'm American doesn't mean that I expect everything to be the way it is back home. That's not how the world works and I completely respect and understand that. Americans want everything now, now, now and that's because businesses operate that way back home, making us used to fast service. Ok, with that out of the way, I'll review this McDonald's.   I stopped in for a Sausage McMuffin with Egg and an orange juice before heading out on the train for a day of sightseeing. I had about 40 minutes before I needed to be at the station to get my tickets from the machine. I walked in, stepped up to order, and figured it would be maybe 3 to 5 minutes before the food was ready. No, not at all. I was woefully mistaken about that. From the beginning when I ordered, to the end when it finally arrived, it took 15 minutes.   Yup, you heard it right folks, 15 minutes for a McMuffin.   The only reason I didn't go 1-star is because despite the time, the food was still good when it came out after the lengthy wait.   The service was inadequate at this location. They weren't that busy in the morning, one girl was making hash browns, the other was taking orders, and a kid in back was mopping the floor. And making food? No one. Unreal. Taking orders, stacking up customers, but no one in the back to make food! After about 7 minutes, myself and about 5 other people, began to look around in disbelief at the fact that no food was coming out from the back.   Making matters worse, none of the employees seemed to care either. They just moped around with their heads down as the place descended into complete chaos. I understand that people sometimes hate their jobs, but seriously, someone has to EVENTUALLY care enough to keep the place operating. I've never seen a crew of people so willing to let it go to complete s!@# so quickly. It felt surreal watching this. Of course, by the time the food came, I had to rush to eat.  My experience at this McDonald's sucked. There's no more articulate way I can put it. I was sorely disappointed at the service (lack of) and the attitudes of the workers. No one cared at all that they inconvenienced me by 15 minutes for no reason other than their miscommunication in terms of who is cooking that morning. It was sad because this was my first (and likely only) McDonald's experience in Scotland. I can't imagine coming back after this.

Ordered a simple mayo chicken... but the cashier forgot about us. The food sat on the waiting belt the whole time until I was able to get the guys attention. People in after us got their food first. The guy was super polite but very forgetful. The location isn't busy.

As has been said before me, this is just a typical MacDonald's restaurant but it's quite a good one! It has a really big seating area upstairs and plenty room for the masses.   However, past 10pm this place can be dangerous. I have often felt really intimidates by all the teenagers hanging around and later on, all the drunks.   It's a good enough place for lunch or an early dinner but I wouldn't come here later than 11pm!

Since the renovation the drive-through is useless. The menu is so far away in the text so small that you can't read it from either of the two drive-through lanes they added. The staff are clueless the orders are getting mixed up because cars from one drive-through lane are getting in front of cars from the other drive-through lane and the people inside can't seem to keep people's orders Strait. Avoid it all costs.

When I wrote my previous review of the McDonald's on Carnegie and 30th, I recommended​ driving across town to go to another McDonald's, but I didn't know about this one.   This one is consistent and while it's often busy, they keep the line moving.  They are polite as well.  I don't know how late they are open, but I know I got food here around midnight before, so that's convenient too.  So yeah, this is the McDonald's to go to if you're on the east end.

I stopped by on my way through Cleveland and must comment from a travelers perspective I will stop again!  Got in quickly, services was great, standard food (traditional) and clean restrooms!!

Breakfast all day if you want what they have available.10:30 am and you can only get a biscuit.

Drove through at 12:10 and was greeted with silence for 5 min. Drove to the other side of the drive through and told the system was down for 5-10min but I could wait if I wanted. I declined and drove by. In the window Was a  car with a man hanging out the sunroof...wtf why would I ever go to either wendover location again. Work or dont, as a customer why am I suffering, not my first problem with this location or I wouldn't complain

No Shamrock shake for me, just a McDouble and a Diet Coke to quiet the rumbles. Even though I was clear with my order to be eating in, it still arrived in a to go bag. (He also forgot the drink, but was reminded by a supervisor.) I took a table where I had a view of the counter and watched the same guy miss two other drinks.  My burger was a little on the messy side with ketchup and chopped onions outside the bun.  Free wifi is a plus and the parking is good. But I would have to say that I've had better experiences at McDonalds. Give this one a miss.

Decent McDonald's. Best thing about it is the inside is large and wide open so it's very comfortable to sit inside.

This place was recently upgraded and it looks great!!  New staff as well.  4 stars.

This place is horrible how did the 5 customers behind me get there food first. And when i ask why this was happening the manager got a attitude with me and slam my food down. Forget remodeling this place replace the people.

Why does a fast food chain place get five stars in my book? B/c they offer Shamrock shakes. Big deal right? No. I went to three McDonald's the other night looking for one and none of them had them or machine was broken (i.e. they already cleaned it and didn't want to make it) I may be a little obsessed but Shamrock shakes are top notch in my book. When going through the drive thru at the Wendover location, I told the employee at the window how happy I was about the Shamrock shake and he told me that he was happy for me and I quote Your hair looks good, boo Just what I needed to hear after getting my hair done. Love.

Everytime i come here there is problem with the food and the attitudes with every worker here. I mean seriously its the closest to my house but not even worth the trouble. I mean really.

I guess no stars isn't an option? Terrible location. Line is taking way too long, normally a very patient person but this is ridiculous and its raising my Lyft total by the second. Just wanted some hash browns and water. Smh.

My mcflurry was half empty  if I could give it zero stars I would . I don't understand how they mess up an ice cream order

People have come not to expect much from McDonald's which is both sad and true, half the time you get real good service and the other half your very bad service.  On the same coin, at times the food is great and fresh, others it's lack luster and generally bad.  I could write this for almost any mcdonalds but at this certain location I do have to say I get better service than most.

Fancy inside:  lounge area with a tv; kids area with play gound, and tables; and another separated area with a t.v.

I use to like this McDonald's but they started to close their 2nd drive thru at around 12 which makes the line extra long (20-30min) wait time. They don't except cards at certain time due to rebooting the system; with no sign.

This place is terrible. I ordered the mozzarella sticks and it was unconvincing.  There was no cheese inside the sticks. The order didn't come with the sauce either so I had to eat them dry as it is. I realized that McDonald's doesn't have anything on their menu for me except their fries, coffee and snack wraps. There is a reason why i haven't had a mcd burger in over 4 years.

Consistent service, sometimes overly enthusiastic. Of course the menu is your standard McD faire.  Nothing special.

Worst service ever.  After waiting more than ten minutes inside one person in front of me who had already ordered their food, I got in my car and tried my luck in the drive thru. I just got a hot fudge sundae. The cup was barely half full and the fudge was cold. One thing about mcdonalds is it is usually consistent. Over all their menu prices are higher than surrounding area mcds and the quality. Such as it is,  is lacking.

After not being allowed to eat or drink all night for a procedure. We stopped here to get me some breakfast and coffee. The egg mcmuffin was excepted but the coffee was undrinkable. I asked for 2 creams and 2 splendas. I usually add 1 and 1/4 of splenda. I never expected them to put it in for me. While I'm sure the ppl heading to work at 7....would appreciate this. I did not. I couldn't drink it and it was wasted.

Regularly mess up your order.  Far too often ask you to pull around and forget to bring out food. One good note: Ralph in drive thru is the nicest senior citizen I've ever met!

Don't alter order - you won't get it.  Asked for no salt on fries got extra salt room temp.  Isn't that why we go there?  Asked for no onions got lump of pickles.  My fault. What once was a treat is truly crap.  No you can't go back.

I gave them a try again since they are advertising that pick 2 for $5 like crazy.  Again my fish sandwich which I love is overly dry.  Other McDonald's always steam their buns for fish sandwich except this one.  I tried but again they failed.  I'm so sad:(  How hard is it to steam the buns.  My husband is sad too since this is the closest McDonald's and he craves BigMac sometimes. Their food quality compare to other McDonald's is way low and their customer service is horrible especially when they have all teens working there.  There was almost no customers there and again they ignored us for 5 mins just chatting with each others and their friends who came to visit them.  We live in a nice area of Gilbert and expect better service or at least normal service.

All McDonalds hooked the public by offering healthier choices, with calorie counts, in the last couple of years.  And now.....they have removed the snack wrap and the premium wrap, both of which were healthy ( with grilled chicken).  No longer healthy - seems like bait and switch.  I'm disappointed in your corporate decisions.

CHECK YOUR ORDER before you leave the drive through!!! We weren't smart enough to do this and we ended up having diet coke instead of regular coke, no Apple juice in one of the happy meals and no Apple slices in any of our Happy Meals. The fries were soggy and disgusting as well.

This McDonald's is on top of their game, sometimes the drive through line looks long, it'll go by fast. Never have had an issue here! Fast! Fast! Fast!

This post and 4-star rating is solely for the older gentleman (wears a black, long-sleeve shirt under his uniform) that I always see working in the morning at the drive-thru window. He is one of the most kind-hearted and respectful person I have ever met at a fast food establishment (or any business for that matter). He always has a warm greeting every morning with a sincere smile on his face. This man is the kind of employee McDonald's should be looking to hire and promote.   As for a review on this McDonald's location in general, I would give it an average, 3-star rating. It is certainly cleaner than most locations I've seen and the service left me with no complaints.   5-stars for the older gentleman working in the morning drive-thru. 3-stars for the McDonald's establishment.

It's a Micky D's. Kinda small really. Good service from the counter person the few times I've been to this location. It's clean.

The manager of this establishment has in inability to handle complaints, maintenance issues regarding the coffee machine, and counting money correctly. This is the 4th time I have had issues with my coffee order, 1st time: they just forgot to make it; 2nd time made incorrectly: 3rd time the wrong drink was made all together.... And this time: no coffee added to the order. The same manager handled the situation each time not in a timely manner whats so ever.

This is probably the worst McDonald's in the east valley. They close the play area early (7:00 sometimes). They ignore you when you're standing at the register. A simple be right with you would be a god send. A smile from an employee would be earth shattering. It feels like purgatory for these people. I feel like I'm bothering them just ordering something. I've read other reviews about the morning/day time shift so this only applies to the evening. It's often a bit dirty to boot. Unfortunately my kids love the ice cream and play area (when open) so I keep going back. Eventually they'll grow up and I went have to go.

I am so happy that a previous reviewer mentioned Ralph by name, because I didn't know his name but he is inspiring this review. Please keep in mind that I only go to mcdonalds a) in the morning and b) through the drive-through. The food is consistent because that's what McD does. This store doesn't mess up my order as frequently as others have. It's quick. And Ralph. Ralph is always there at the drive through, he takes your money. He is so kind that it's confusing, and he has on more than one occasion told us Good job! handing back our debit card. I don't know wtf we did a good job about but it's probably the first and only time you will hear that in your workday. Thanks Ralph, good job too.

Seriously as a McDonald's goes this one does everything right.  Good service fast service good product.

During the day this place is acceptable, just to be served by a great guy named Ralph. He is a very cool senior with such a big heart.  The reason for the one star is that the service is so bad. If you are in a hurry go to the drive thru, that is where they focus their attention and pretty much ignore the guests in the lobby. However, you will get your food fast, just accept the fact that your order might be wrong.  This McDonald's is very close to our house and we sometimes stop in late night to get ice cream from the drive through. The service at night is beyond bad. They always have a difficult time giving back the correct change, the orders are wrong.   The one thing that really stands out is the way they shove your food order at you in the drive through. We like the ice cream cones, you would think that if I am in the drive thru in my truck and I order ice cream, that you might want to take a little bit of care in making the cone. Like clock work, they start handing me ice cream cones ( shoving at me is more like it) the cones are dripping and the ice cream is falling off the cone. I really don't want melted ice cream spilled all over, I asked for a napkin, the girl replied there is paper around the cone   For some reason, I keep thinking the service will be better at night, it never is.  If you want some late night entertainment, go though the drive thru at night. You must bring your sense of humor,Don't say, I didn't warn you.

This McDonalds is disgusting I can't tell you the number of time I've came here for a family order of anywhere from $70-75 and the food is all old and never fresh it's always missing something and the kitchen is old and need renovations! If you like cold fries and old cheeseburgers go here...

Very friendly staff and decent food. Lots of kids in the play place. Pretty nice Mcdonalds.

Today I came here like usual to use the free WiFi and get a large drink. I always sit in the area by the restrooms and the TV because there is an outlet there. The TV seems to be stuck on a channel selling jewelry! I like this McDonald's I guess but it could be modernized a bit. It needs updating a lot! In the ladies room there is currently only one stall open. the other one is locked there is no handle on the door. Imagine that! I think I''ll wait awhile before I come back here because maybe by then it will be updated!

Stopped here for 45 bus break. Based on the  locals this place is a favorite. Very clean and friendly. Food came just as expected.

Good fast food, clean and friendly. Usually fast, accurate and efficient. As McDonald's go, this locally owned franchise is above average.

I have been here a couple of times passing through.  Last Sunday we went through the drive through on our way to the Covered Bridge Festival.  I ordered an egg white delight with bacon.  We waited in the drive through for at least 20 minutes.  I understand they were very busy but this is McDonald's.  Aren't they supposed to be fast food and have it down to a science?  Especially on Sunday morning?  When we got our food while driving down Route 36 My daughter handed me my egg white delight and it was a regular McMuffin with that gross orange cheese, one of their gross eggs with a yolk and a white muffin.  Needless to say it was thrown out.  Lesson learned to check food before driving away.

I waited like 20 minutes for a big mac meal! I thought its supposed to be fast food a perfect place to go when you need a quick lunch from work. Customers after me were getting there meals before me. And when I asked for Ranch the cashier gave me one little packet. Terrible service this time.

It's not always the cleanest dining room however the employees are friendly especially the manager . The fries are always fresh and hot too

This McDonalds is pretty great when I get hungry at Walmart. It's kind of weird when you order to go they give you the food you order in a plastic bag. They always seem to be out of products. They tells me someone is not preparing correctly. Failing to plan is planning to fail.

We didn't realize that the GPS was sending us to a location inside a Walmart, but we decided to stay once we got there.  I'm wishing we hadn't.   We had breakfast.  The hasbrowns were really greasy.  The biscuit on my sausage biscuit with egg was dry and stale.  The sausage mc muffin was only ok.

They failed again who in the hell wants brake fast all day fuck that . We want lunch all day . I hate brake fast,  lunch is were it's at

Im lovin it.....i go here for my ice cold fountain soda's. Sometimes when they are super busy the dining room can be a mess, but it isn't their fault with just two people working and Ten people waiting on orders.

This is the McDonald's inside Walmart.  My husband and I have been having breakfast there 1-2 times a week for several years now.  They've recently completed a long overdue remodel which helped the dining experience tremendously.  The main reason they are only getting 2 stars is almost completely due to the counter person - who we think is the manager - a dark haired middle-aged man with glasses.  He has to be the most customer UN-friendly counter person ever!  He has to know who we are as all the other employees do.  Yet, not only doesn't he indicate he knows we are regular  customers, he doesn't acknowledge us in any way.  We aren't being singled out.  He doesn't acknowledge anyone.  He doesn't say hello, thank-you, good-bye, come again - nothing.  He never smiles or shows any emotion.  We see him as a very rude man and we actually think he is the manager!!  My other big issue is the price of the large iced coffee which continues to be $.50 cents higher (as of about a month ago or less) than the McDonald's at the Carefree Highway and has been for a long time.  I have no idea why as you would think being inside the Walmart, the McDonald's would have rock bottom prices, too - but, they don't.  Usually, we are satisfied with our breakfast sandwiches, but they have been known to use stale English Muffins.   Until recently, they (especially the managers) skimped tremdendously on the cream in the iced coffees.  The other employees seemed to consistently make the iced coffees correctly but it was always the managers who were trying to save the cream.  Trying to end this on a positive note, through the years there have been some excellent employees working there especially Elvira, who went to another McDonalds for awhile and is now back at the Walmart Mcdonalds.    I would love to give this more than 2 stars but that sullen, rude man working the counter just makes us not even want to go in there.

Nastiest McDonald's I've ever been in. Out of just about all of the McNugget sauces. Pink mold on the ice dispenser. Awful. Just awful.

Filthy bathroom looked like it had not been cleaned in days!!! Actually, the floors around the entire restaurant were pretty filthy. I'm definitely not loving it!

It's been a long time since the Mr. and Mrs. last ate at McD's due to falling quality, indifferent service, and unhygienic appearance of other McD stores. Tonight as the Mr. and Mrs. were out and about, the 413 Tyvola Rd, Charlotte NC, store was the closest eatery on our route.  We hesitantly decided to dine there. When the Mrs. informed Kayla at the register that this was our first time at their store and that we had had unpleasant food experiences at other McD's, she took ownership of our present order.  She asked us what we wanted and how we wanted it.  She made sure everything was fresh and tasty.  Wow!  We were so happy with Kayla's excellent customer service and the tasty meals.  The Mrs. would like to say that the store was neat and tidy, as was the women's restroom. Thanks to Kayla for being so accommodating and for making this experience at this McD so pleasant! This might have been a 4-star review, but Kayla's intervention in our food preparation certainly merits that 5th star. The Mrs. recommends this locale only.

The only McDonald's where I don't have to wait 10 minutes in the drive thru for my coffee.  They are fast, consistently get it right, and staff is very friendly.  I'm not one to review fast food but they deserve some props!

(This is for the drive-thru only - in the 13 years I have been going to this location, I have never stepped inside).  I work in the area and this is one of the very few drive-thru restaurants in the area.  They remodeled not too long ago to the new McD's footprint of a double drive-thru.  It's McD's - Big Macs, Nuggets, shakes, etc.  If I go, I generally go for a sausage and cheese biscuit with a Mocha Frappe for breakfast or a quick #1 (Big Mac meal) for lunch.  During the holidays, I did make some special trips for Eggnog milkshakes.  (my relationship with eggnog runs deep and strong - and their milkshakes are very good, though a little inconsistent in taste/quality).    Miss Cora in the drive thru is always a delight - my order is always right and fresh/hot.  The wait in the drive-thru line can be a bit long during peak lunch hours and the parking lot can be a bit of a nightmare, but any fast food place at noon can be a time tester.  Solid McD's location.

Every time I go to this McDonald's their ice cream machine is down. Why even have the items on the menu if they never can seem to make the machine work. In my opinion it seems like they just don't want to bother to clean it EVER

McDonald's right off the Interstate. This one has a very small and tight corner for the drive-through so I really wouldn't recommend it for larger vehicles. I spent a bit of time here because it's really handy for free wifi when you're traveling or waiting for AT&T to pull their thumb out and get you set up. It's also fun to watch the flow of traffic coming and going - yard workers, families moving, office workers picking up the lunch orders for their coworkers - all sorts.

Its always hit or miss. And even though its McDonald's it always brings out childhood memories. This is a smaller McDonald's. Seating is limited.

Worst fast food experience ever. Slow and messy. Handed me my hot fudge sundae in the drive through and after I pulled away realized fudge was pouring out of the sides and all over the inside of my car.

April 5th around 3pm...Where do I begin? Rude and angry and borderline violent tempers are how I would describe at least 3 of these workers inside. My friend is a principal of a school and is doing a scavenger hunt (wish we did these things). One of the silly requests were to find a McDonald's that uses a scoop instead of the tongs and take a pic for 300 points (some point system is in play). Anyway, the first younger female I asked Hi there, I would like a plain mcdouble and a value fry. Do you guys use the tongs or the other handle thing? I could not remember what that scoop was called. She looked at me in this pissed off attitude through her glasses and white cotton facial bandages. She seemed to not want to answer my question if they used tongs or scoops. It took her a full 45 seconds to process what I was asking. She then used the term scoop. She then went back to looking at me in disbelief, nodded reluctantly then went chatting in a pissed off mood to her other coworkers. By the time I came to the 2nd window, I was the topic of all things angry with customers. One brazen girl said what the hell does she mean do we use tongs? No we use our...hands and another one in a black shirt near the scoop area says what is wrong with tongs she.... it went like this with me at the window while little Miss Bandages instigated. I did call the loudest one over and told her that I heard her. That ONE female apologized with a smile but the others??? I thought for sure my food was about to be given a special sauce and my car was about to be jumped. Word up! I never did get a chance to explain why I wanted the scoop. Smh...In customer service, yes there are seemingly crazy requests but you roll with it and talk about it later (if necessary). This felt like straight intimidation and i would like to know the name of this manager of this location. Crazy to allow these females to continue horrid behavior. And bandages??? Send bandages home or have her stock shelves. No one needs to be reminded of possible fluids entering their food. I threw my food out!!! Too scary. Will not be back. I suggest you bypass this location.

This review is for their Big Breakfast, which I am a fan of! I only ever at McDonald's for their breakfast. I like to put the sausage and eggs inside the biscuit to eat as a sandwich. I also got the hot cakes with syrup, which were plenty for a meal. The service was super fast.

Went in for a quick breakfast, but the staff was too overwhelmed to even serve me. This would have been okay, if it weren't for the 2 employees just hanging out off on the side chatting instead of assisting. Come on...

This is one of the better McDonalds.  They have just remodeled it inside & out. It is in kind of a tight spot,  but usually not hard to get in & out of.   The food is always fresh & hot and this location has cherry pies - yum.

As much as I try to avoid fast food, sometimes I get in the mood for McDonalds.  Their fries just go really well with ketchup and most of their burgers don't have mayo on them so I don't have to ask them to hold it.  The burgers come with a great mixture of mustard and ketchup and the cheese is gooey to blend with everything else in the burger.    This McDonald's is consistently good.  The food is always hot.  The service is exceptional for a fast food joint and the order takers at the drive through are friendly and my order has always been correct here.   Rarely do I give a fast food joint 4 stars but this one is deserving of it.    This restaurant is convenient to I-77 and South Blvd and sits adjacent to a Kangaroo Express.  It's easy in and out since there's a traffic light right there.    Definitely one of the better McD's in the area.

Worst FUCKING McDonald's I've ever been to in my life. Employees cussing at the customers. Rolling their eyes when someone requested extra. Smirking at me when they gave me the wrong size fries & I ordered & paid for a bigger one. Food ALL over the floor. Friends discussing drug sessions with the cashier in front of us ordering. I don't get how a nice part of town made such a horrible McDonald's. They need all the new employees.

Customer service sucks, when someone is in the middle of ordering don't be rude and say is that it with attitude. Happens to often at this McD's and I am done with them because of it. And BTW its polite to say I'm sorry i couldn't here your order do u mind repeating that for me not what was that I couldn't here u with attitude or huh?

Stopped in today for lunch to go. Requested a double fish filet, no bun and tartar sauce in a separate container.  They did a fantastic job. Fish was fresh and hot and I had plenty of tartar sauce to add to it.  Just the way I like it. Thank You !

Every time I come here it's like a 15 minute wait in the drive through. Every. Single. Time

It's McDonald's. You get what you'd expect...consistently tasty, fast, low quality food.

Not that I recommend eating mcdonalds anyways but stay the hell away from this one!! No good! Horrible employees and service and you best beleive that the ice cream machine will ALWAYS be down! That place needs some serious help.

sometimes I just want a sweet tea and 9000 chicken nuggets okay?! DONT JUDGE ME! haha but mcdonalds helps me quell my inner fast food junkie!

The worst restaurant ever ate before buns cold meat cold cheese not even melt it the rapper oily and dirty I would never ever come back to this McDonald's no more and the manager you can even say anything she didn't even apologize or iknowledge to me she didn't even care didn't even turn around when I was talking to the other what up service they put McDonald's  Bad reputation

Came to drive thur at 2:44pm was out of Sprite, coke, Diet Coke, Dr Pepper and ice cream line was backed up couldn't even leave, sat in line until 2:51 just for a smoothie that was melted... Meanwhile it's 103 outside

I only expect a few things from McDonalds.. I mean.. it's McDonalds. I expect my food to be hot and the people to get my order right.  Not only did they not have Iced Latte's ready this morning, they also got my order wrong. The dollar menu hash browns include TWO, not ONE. But I guess that's a little difficult for the employees to understand, considering none of them appear to speak any english.

McDonald's is McDonald's but when they forget things constantly and have some  rude people working here we don't frequent this location its just convenient and close to home.

The WORST McDonald's in town!! I know it's fast-food but the customs service is terrible!!! I would rather go out of my way to the McDonald's on decatur and 95

I went to this McDonald's today to redeem a buy 1 get 1 free coupon for their new smoothie. I printed this coupon off from McDonalds.com. When I got to the window to pay, after a 5 minute delay, I was told my coupon would not be accepted since they don't accept corporate coupons. Pretty ridiculous when I get the coupon from their own web site. I hate McDonald's and this just furthers my hate for them. They did not get my business today and they will not get my business in the future. Thanks for SPECTACULAR customer service. What did I expect?

I currently view McDonald's as more of a restaurant serving inexpensive snacks than meals. In my opinion, McDonald's is a level or few below the fast food powerhouses starring In N Out, Raising Cane's, and Panda Express. When dinner is far in the horizon and I want to calm my appetite, I order off the McDonald's $1 menu as I look forward to a better meal. The $1 menu features large fountain Coke beverages, a sausage buritto, a hot & spicy chicken sandwich, a double cheeseburger,  small coffee, and other foods.     Both my check-ins here were when I hiked on the Angel Park Trail system. This McDonald's is convenient to the Angel Park Trail system; which includes the Bonanza Trail, Kellogg Sport's Complex, and Lone Mountain Trail. The restaurant is a convenient respite from outdoor activities. To reach this McDonald's from the Angel Park Trail system; from Bonanza Trail which is really the east spur of Angel Park Trail to you'd walk past the Kellogg Sport's Complex, walk under the Buffalo Drive tunnel and after the K-Mart turn left on Lone Mountain Trail. After Crossing Washington Avenue with a pedestrian signal, you'd turn left and McDonald's is on the right.    As far as location,  I am curious why McDonald's passed over building the restaurant at the corner of Buffalo at Washington. The existing restaurant a few thousand feet east of Buffalo Drive on Washington Avenue is out of sight lines for motorists driving on Buffalo Drive one traffic signal north of Summerlin Parkway. Then again being McDonald's there is another location a couple of traffic lights north at Buffalo and Lake Mead Boulevard.      This is an older McDonald's. This is not surprising considering it is near Kmart. There is no theme. Just a basic McDonald's with a dining and indoor playground area.    The two check-ins in this basic McDonald's were for a snack. On my first check-in,  I quaffed down the limited time Chocolate strawberry Frape. It was a yummy caffeine boost at a cost of $4 and 600-plus calories. Fortunately this was the halfway point of my hike and I'd burn some of it off. On my follow-up check-in,  I snacked on a Hot & Spicy Chicken with a large Coke. The Coke was flat. That is a no no! If the service wasn't decent and there wasn't a manager presence, this review would fall flat of 3 stars and sink to 2 stars.     I try to review places when I am a regular. Now that I am a Duke that will probably see that status fade at this location, it is time to emphasize that this is a decent restaurant for a snack or light meal off the Angel Park Trail system and in the vicinity of Washington at Buffalo.

I come to buy breakfast and had to use the bathroom really bad. I was told I can't use tge bathroom unless I purchase something.... seriously.... They just lost my business. Most of those employees are drug addicts. Don't trust them to make your food.

Love taking my kids here after the sun has set. (For extended play time!) There is a toddler play area with 2 level structure for the kids to climb and slide on. This area is walled off from the main dining area, so I can keep my eyes on the kids and still get some work done. Place is clean and bright. Lately, I came in here with 2 toddlers and an infant in tow. My cashier was kind to offer to carry our food over to us in the play area when it became ready. This was a very nice gesture, and much appreciated!

Unfortunately, this is the only food place near my job... They are completely unfair! They serve the drive thru customers first. I waited over 20 minutes for my order, but I did watch atleast 10 cars come & go, ordering similar items as my order. When I got my burgers, they were completely messy, half of the cheese was off the burger, not even somewhat melted, the sauce for my fish filet was literally the size of a quarter, my fries were super cold & soggy & salty. The only thing good was the drinks- because I had control over it.

Stopped in for breakfast while attending the Best of the West Lacrosse tournament at Kellogg Zaher Sports Complex. This place was packed with lacrosse people from all over. The long lines inside almost made me turn around and go elsewhere. I'm glad we stayed. The staff behind the counter did a good job of getting through the rush in timely fashion. We were soon chowing down on our McGriddle and sausage burritos. The coffee was actually pretty good for fast food java as was the Chocolate Chip Frappe.  I would not hestitate to visit again, if I am in the area.

Don't eat here.. bad customer service.. food was cold and they made me wait outside.. it seems like the employees were more interested in talking then working. So if you want McDonald's go somewhere else

I stopped by for the first time here just for a quick snack it was on the way home . They gave me black cold fries and my spicy chicken was hard all around from the chicken . This is why I stay away from mc donalds

Sorry to see all the bad reviews. Only been here once, but the drive-thru crew were super friendly and food was fast! Good job!

Wow. I'm literally in the DRIVE THRU line for the past 20 min after I put in order for a drink.... only A DRINK..... WOW!

Morning drive through guy is AWESOME!!! Very personable & friendly. Afternoon girl on same day not so much.

Egg nog shake.  This time of the year, that's a necessity in my book.  I stopped here today on my way home and got part of my annual intake of the precious, sweet, high calorie treat!  Ah, so good!  The staff was very pleasant and the process was quick.  I had a smile on my face as I drove the freeway home!

I know it McDonald's, but this was terrible for any fast food place. I ordered a southern fired chicken sandwich for $3.59. It looked big and juicy on the menu board. What I got was a TINY chicken patty on a dry bun with two pickle slices. The dollar chicken sandwich at Jack in the Box is bigger than this thing. Since I felt this was a total joke, I asked for my money back. The manager took the sandwich from me, tossed it in the trash, and had the cashier give me my money back (less the tax), without ever saying a word! By the look on his face, I guess the money was coming out of his pocket. Bad food, poor customer service. I'll go to somewhere else next time.

So I actually ended up at this McDonald's by default because I was shopping at Trader Joe's and it was literally the only restaurant in the area.  I was disappointed at first because I really didn't want to be eating at a fast food chain, especially not at McDonald's since we have about a hundred of them back home.  However, I changed my tune when I saw the menu.    This particular McDonald's had items on the menu that the Hawaii locations don't offer.  For instance, they had about a handful of items on the value menu that I've never heard of before.  I had the Bacon Cheddar Hot 'N Spicy McChicken sandwich which they don't sell at Hawaii McDonald's locations.  For less than $2, you can't go wrong!  Bacon and cheddar?  Yes please!  Of course I had that with fries and also a couple of Baked Pumpkin Apple Pies.  I went in November so pumpkin was in season AND the apple pies they have are baked.  The ones in Hawaii are fried.  The baked ones taste much better than the fried ones.    Sure, customer service was kind of crappy but I don't expect great customer service at McDonald's.  Who does?  You go there for the cheap eats and the fries.  It was a plus that I got to eat items that they don't sell at Hawaii locations.

DO NOT COME HERE! I stopped here to get a late dinner for me and my daughter.  I ordered 2 #7s the chicken finger meals.  I could not understand the order taker he spoke low and didn't speak English. The fries were old and cold and very crunchy like they were sitting for a long time. The woman at the window tried to give me 3 drinks,  I ordered 2, then she asked AIGHT you get three??!!' What??!!

It's McDonald's...what do you expect? Do yourselves and your body a favor and go somewhere else to get your food. This goes for all McDonald's not just this one. Yeah you can get a burger for $1, a fry for $1. But do you ever wonder why it's so cheap? They're feeding you trash.

Lowest rating you can get.. These guys suck. 20-30 minute wait & one car at a time through the drive through. So about 5-7 minutes a car. Don't waste your time. Almost got fired from work thinking I could grab something and run. I would have had a better chance sitting down to eat at a real restaurant.

I am not giving this mcdonalds any stars and I would advise not to go there unless you have about 30 minutes to sit in the drive thru:/ not to mention the food was cold and this is the second time this has happened .. I won't be going there anymore

Slowest service ever! And I don't have high expectations for mcdonalds but geez when there's a line with 15+ people you would expect they would put two people on register. They're so understaffed too! The cashier took an order and then went to prepare the food. AGH.  TLDR; The people here like to work in slow motion.

Worst service EVER!!!!! Not only did they mess up my order but the manager was a jerk. He did not say sorry for messing up my order and gave me a dirty look. Ill NEVER go there again

Just hit the drive thru at this place. Ordered large Fries and a large coke. My fries were half full, my coke is all ice, and they didn't give me a straw or ketchup.

I've stopped going to this McDonalds due to the slow service and usually messed up orders.   Only once in my last five trips was I NOT asked to pull around the front for what has become a 10 to 15 minute wait.   On my last trip, I found, yet again, an Tim was missing from my bag, so I had to go inside to  get the missing burger...thus taking away the convenience and speed of using a drive thru.  On this same trip, so many people were being forced to pull around front that no parking places were available.  I had o park near the auto parts store and hope I'd be seen.  This was at breakfast time.

Yummy food. Good prices! What's not to like? Friendly staff. The restrooms were spotless.I would eat here again!

Not surprised at all the Bad reviews. I live around the corner from this Mcdonlads and it is consistently bad. I kept thinking that maybe the bad service and COLD food was just a fluke so I gave it the benefit of the doubt several times but tonight was the last straw. Rude Staff and the food is COLD and DISGUSTING  The staff has a bad attitude and needs to be trained. This Mcdonalds should be shut down. REALLY REALLY BAD !!!

It's breakfast time and you have no orange juice seriously!  As I'm driving I'm still kind of annoyed about the orange juice I get up charged for coffee. Wow !  As I opened up my bag to get my sandwich when the hell did I order a McGriddle. I could have sworn I ordered a biscuit cheese an egg. ... a little bit of attention to detail would be nice and you people want $15 seriously

This place is real shit show. Lots of staff milling around like lost puppies. My order was wrong and one of these geniuses managed to serve us over cooked yet cold french fries. I was warned but I came here anyway, my bad.

As I work very close to this McDonalds, I have been known to stop in occasionally for a quick bite during breakfast or lunch hours. As a former high school McDonald's employee, the 2 star rating doesn't surprise me, but people are often too unrealistic about their expectations at a fast food restaurant. I have never had a 2 star experience here! It's fast food, people!  The staff has always been very friendly and courteous. I've witnessed very playful interactions between the management and staff which I really appreciate. They keep the lines moving as quickly as they can. Sure, sometimes the dining room gets a little messy, but there is always someone cleaning tables and/or the floors when I am in there. I've witnessed how disrespectful and messy people are when dining in, so I imagine that it sometimes becomes difficult to keep up with them.  Yes, this location is in a busy part of downtown. Yes, it gets crowded during peak hours. Yes, you may have to wait for your food sometimes. Yes, there are often a lot of people hanging around outside as this is across the street from the T station. Remember these people are cranking out hundreds of orders each hour, so if you show up for a breakfast sandwich at 9am, you might expect to wait a little bit for your food. Sure, sometimes orders get messed up, but that happens when you expect your food to be ordered, prepared and delivered to you in under 5 minutes. I'm sorry if your order is the 1/100 that got messed up. They'll gladly fix your order if you ask. Give them a break!  Also, this place serves all day breakfast which makes them A-OK in my book.

This is the alltime worst McDonalds I have been to in my life. When you first enter you have to breach a wall of scumbags asking for change and cigarettes on the sidewalk. Upon entering you are immediately greeted by pure chaos. Children screaming, more bums asking for change, and people losing their minds. The service is horrible...friendly but horrible. I ordered two double cheeseburgers and waited over twenty minutes for them. I opened the sandwiches and it appeared that they had been made by a dog...or someone who lacks fingers. This McDonalds is straight crap. I'd rather eat cigarette butts than ever eat there again.

Seriously, what is it with places like this? Is it REALLY that hard for the workers to use basic manners such as please and thank you. Even the head manager cannot display proper manners and conduct herself in a professional manner. PLEASE do yourself a favor and walk a block to ANY other food place. There are plenty of options downtown for good and cheap food, there's no reason to waste your money here - you're just encouraging this kind of behavior.

There are always atleast 2 group of annoying kids who just loiter and stare at everyone as they're walking in & out. The staff doesn't seem to care. Make sure to check your fries before you leave bc they are sometimes Luke warm. Even after you buy something it's a challenge for them to unlock the bathroom. You stand at the door 5min, walk to the counter and ask again then walk back and wait at the door forever again until finally you head back to the counter one last time and freak out.. all to pop a squat over the toilet. This has happened on two totally different occasions.   The workers themselves are ok and the managers are nice.

Plan on waiting at minimum 20 mins for your food.  Employees don't care about customer service, place is always dirty, and plan on receiving your meal cold.

They flubbed a simple order. And took FOREVER filling it.  I ordered an Egg White Delight, sub bacon  (I know. I weakened at the last minute.). Sandwich only. To go. Took so long (5 minutes or so), that I  wondered if they were hatching the egg. Everyone coming in after me had their food.  Raced over to EQT Plaza, and found a biscuit, instead of a muffin, doing the backstroke in butter.  I called and spoke to Michelle, a manager. She apologized, and put me on hold to check. Apparently,  someone new (?) didn't know that sandwich comes on an English muffin.  She apologized again, and promised to comp it when I'm in again. So, we're good, except that while I'm hungry, there's some really plump pigeons in EQT Paza.

You get all the stars for giving me both French fries and apple slices in my happy meal. Not only did it make my day, but it provided the perfect fried and salty compliment to the fruit I ordered in a vain attempt to appear healthy.

I came here with Praneeth G (his review somewhere on this page) after we had Hakka food at Lotus Garden. I asked him to buy me treats and he decided to bring me to McDonald's, even though I told him the heavy dosage of MSG in the Hakka food has got me wanting bubble tea. I'm not sure how in God's name we've been best friends for 15 years.   I don't think think this place deserves 2.5 stars. Sure, the parking lot looks really rough and could use some TLC, but the inside looks slightly renovated. It has the new machines that allow you to order by yourself, which is how we ordered the 2 McFlurries. I asked him why he brought me to a McDonald's that doesn't have a Play Place and he proceeded to make fun of me and accuse me of playing in the Play Places at McDonald's. To me, the nicer McDonald's usually have a Play Place-that's just a pattern I've noticed! The manchild playing at your local Play Place is not me, OK?  I'm not sure why Praneeth said he didn't pay a cent. He clearly forgot he swiped his over-abused credit card. I will give this place a +1 because the cashier let me keep my 2 for $5 coupon so now I can take someone else other than Praneeth to McDonald's and have a McFlurry.   (P.S. french fries dipped in McFlurry is amazing. Don't knock it till you've tried it.)

This McDonalds deserves to be reviewed far better than the 2.5 stars that it currently has. It has served my Yelp Elite friend and myself exceptionally well. We somehow left this place with more McDonalds than we paid for.

This location has been shut down in the past for cockroach infestation.  I've been ripped off here many times, paying for food that I don't receive and receiving unwanted items in place of those that I've ordered.  Upon complaining, the Manager, who writes as if she is an uneducated teenager, tried to insist a free meal upon me rather than refund the money I paid, and then agreed to provide a refund.  Months later no refund was ever provided and follow-up emails have not been responded to. Referring this to Corporate office, as clearly there's multiple staffing issues.  This is a dirty restaurant.  During my last trip through the drive-thru I wish I had had my phone handy to record the very amusing sight of window-staff immersed in her cell phone while pouring coffee everywhere else except in the cup in front of her.

I did not get Caramel sauce with my Apple's!!! In what world does a boy such as myself not get caramel sauce with his apples. I am very upset and will not eat here again. This is the problem with corporations, fuck this bull shit, I request a refund and a free fucking apple pie

This McDonald's was brand new when I was midway through high school. Man, it seems like ages ago. I'm just a relic who writes Yelp reviews these days... haha!  Back then, my good friend was the only one in our group who had a car. She'd drive us here for lunch. We'd park and eat outside when in was warmer.   I seem to be visiting McD's more these days since all-day breakfast items are available. I am the type who never misses breakfast. I generally make breakfast at home. On weekends, I do brunch from time to time. When I do go out for breakfast, I am generally away from home. So, having breakfast out doesn't happen much. Now, I can have breakfast items whenever I want. Yay!  I went back to my old neighbourhood yesterday and got hungry. I decided to give the drive-thru a shot.   There are two order areas here. They are linear. I pulled up to the first one. There is a recording that guides you through the process, which is great. However, the guy behind me didn't figure that out when he didn't roll down his window.   I ordered a sausage and egg McMuffin combo, with a hashbrown and a Diet Coke. I like that this combo suits me nicely. I get tired of fries, although I don't mind fries from McD's. However, I like getting hashbrowns here. I also love sausage and eggs in a compact, toasted egg McMuffin. Yum!  The lineup was fairly long, but I wasn't in a rush. If you do want to park in the lot and eat there, you actually exit the drive-thru straight onto Victoria Park Avenue. You'd have to cycle back.   This place is what you'd expect from McDonald's. It's good.   (70)

McDonald's! I haven't been into a McDonald's restaurant location for years I would say.. maybe even a decade (those Walrmart McDonald's locations do not count).  We needed something fast and within walking distance and McDonald's was the most obvious choice.    Even though I've been a vegetarian over 10 years ago, Mickey D's still holds a soft spot in my heart, so I'll never entirely turn my back on good ol' Mcdonalds! This Mcdonald's location is HUGE, massive! It's right in front of the bus stop, so I'm sure they get a lot of traffic of people going on the bus! The counter is sorta placed weird, there's not much room between the counter and line up. I can see all the lines getting jumboed up during their busy hours.    Anyhoo, pretty friendly staff, clean location.

Yo I know you're 24 hours it was only 12:30 and we sat at the drive thru for 20 minutes making eye contact with 3 associates and they still didn't come take our order or to tell us they were closed, cmon man im just tryna satisfy my munchies

Wish I could give no stars!!!! But to write a review I had to give this horrible piece of sh$% place a star. Okay let's start off with the lack of attention. This place couldn't have more incompetent people working if you paid them to be incompetent. I've lived here in Mesa for more than 20 years and have seen this place go down hill more and more each day with the lack of good employees.  My mother just had to have McDonald tonight and what a shocking surprise... As I'm in the drive-thru this car pulls up behind me with a bunch of dumb asses yelling and being just as I said (dumb asses). Of course once I pull up pay and move on to the next window what do I see???? Oh the employee I just paid for my food hanging out the window and snort cocaine given by the person in the vehicle behind me!!!! Seriously! Do you not have cameras either? Do you not drug test these morons handling your money and food everyday? And they ask to get paid more???? Are you fn kidding me!!!! $15.00 an hour my  a$$!!!

If there is a 0 star... I would..... This people just do what they want to do.. First odd yo can't understand the cashier although he was nice.. I came from there half hour ago and did a take out not using the drive through.... The lady who was bagging the food and handing it out to customers, forgot my chicken nuggets.... And she said she was tired and apologized.... but she has been doing it to others as well... Now, its good I checked it, and if not, nuggets were gone and paid for.   However, when I came home, i also didn't have my strawberry cream pies..... Don't they read the tickets???? Whoever owns this franchise suck big time!!!!

This location is closest to my house so we go, but every time they get our order wrong! This am hubby went and ordered me the mcmuffins that are on special without sausage as always, and the woman would not give it to him for the deal. Excuse me - same sandwich minus the sausage! It's actually saving them money. So instead the woman decides to put egg and cheese mcmuffins instead which comes with ham. That is NOT what I ordered!!!! If I wanted meat on my sandwich I would have ordered it that way but I'm a vegetarian meaning I DO NOT EAT MEAT! So in good nature I removed the ham from my sandwich but could still taste the yuck flavor of the meat, and thinking to myself what has customer service come to?! I thought they're slogan was make it your way at least one time or another.  They also originally forgot my oatmeal and my hubby's sandwich too. Not to mention when ordering through the drive thru after ordering 1 thing they say,Is that it? No I still have 10 more things to order and after each item I order they say that. Really?! Shouldn't they say something along the lines ofis there anything else I can make for you/get for you? The way the say it makes me and I'm sure others feel as we are inconveniencing them to do their job they get paid to do. So what exactly are you paying then for?! Poor customer service, loosing profits  because of incorrect orders irate customers that won't return and I could go on. If this is what they get paid to do then each of them should get a raise!!!

The employees are rude. They always take forever in the drive thru and they always say their machines are broken down. Not going back.

This is actually the slowest fucking McDonalds I've ever been to. Avoid at all costs or lick the pavement out front instead

I like Mc'd's  but I had an experience here to top all crappy service and dirty dining rooms  ever experienced. I had to endure the lard laden ass of an employee sweeping the floor wearing pants 7 sizes too small. Seriously. the pants covered only about half her ass and the rest was hanging out. Right in my face. After that I notice the drive thru server starting to fistfight with a customer, so I left. This is a great country...unfortunately a lot of the people SUCK !

It was a little awkward being in the drive thru for over ten minutes because the night manager was screaming at one of her employees, whom walked out. I don't blame him..for all of the things she was screaming at him, I would have done the same! Very poor management!

This McDonald's is the closest to my house so every once in a while we go there because my son loves the Happy Meals. I am pretty sure the people working here are just completely incompetent and do not give a crap about their customers. The drive through always takes 20+ minutes on a slow day so I took my son inside to get a Happy Meal as a reward for good grades. It is absolutely filthy and the area where you get soda has ketchup and soda caked on there like no one ever cleans it. I let my son play while I ordered his food and I got myself an iced tea. Of course they forgot my iced tea, and I had to ask for it once more, but there was a man who had been waiting there to get ice cream for over 15 minutes while the manager claimed the machine was down. The man came back up and SAW her serving ice cream to the people in the drive thru, and making him wait. Not only that, but they were extremely rude to him and kicked him out because he claimed they were treating him unfairly and their customer service sucks (which it totally does). This is NOT the first time this place has had someone yelling at the staff for their awful service and rude attitudes while I've been there. Honestly I wouldn't give this establishment any stars, but I had to give it 1 at least to write a horrible review about them. Do not waste your money here!!

I went in there last night and got a quarter pounder with cheese, fries and a diet coke.  First of all, this place is F___g filthy, I mean the worst I've ever seen at a McDonald's.   I'm not a clean freak by any means, and there's no way I'd let my kid play in that playground.  It looked filthy, can you imagine how much shit there is that you can't see?  And I mean that literally too.  Garbage cans overflowing, drink station with trash all over the place, dirty tables, etc.  And to top it off, I could tell that my sandwich had been sitting around for hours because it was almost like eating sandpaper.  I ended up throwing it away, and throwing food away is not something I do very often, that's for sure.  French fries were good and fresh though, at least there's that.

This place is convenient that's why we go back. They are consistently leaving things out of bags or screwing up orders. I thought that many once Prescilla bought it she'd fix it....guess not. Today no ice in my ICED TEA. No fries with my happy meals...terrible.

Slow and screwing up orders.  Never should have added the second drive-thru.  They are stupid and a waste of money.

Their double cheese burger express dollar value menu special rules.  It's kind of the dollar special deals though it's more than a dollar.  It's a good deal though!

This is a very good place. Sure,it may look old, but the food was very good. The fries were amazing. But, the only concern was one of my favorite meals to order was not there. Point is, eat here it's very good.

Just got home from MCD drive thru in Robinson Township to find that my daughter's Artisan Chicken Sandwich meal had NO CHICKEN...what a joke.  Two weeks ago they forgot the Double I ordered.  THis place has gone down hill and our family will NOT be back.

This McDonald's sucks if you order breakfast mid day you will be waiting at least 10 minutes I should just go to the Greek diner next-door. Better service better people. I only ordered an Egg McMuffin and why it takes 10 minutes who knows the owner should be ashamed of yourself for not running a better staff

I've been here 3 separate times during 2 separate weeks and their drive thru is awesome! I always get an iced coffee in the morning and I get a certain way and it's been quick and consistent every time! I usually don't leave reviews for fast food chains but I was impressed because the one near my house is awful! I go to this one in the morning and even when there's a long line I'm always in and out within 5-10 mins.

McDonald's has it rough...most people probably only review them if they have a bad experience or are ticked off. I mean, what else can you write about a McDonalds except a complaint. Well...my complaint is that this McDonald's didn't freshen their tea enough and their tea is bitter. This usually means that it is either one day old tea or they don't clean the container. Whichever it was, they had bad tea.

McDonald's rules the fast food nation these days, although many other restaurant chains will be the ones who think they're better than them. While McDonald's can boast that they are the best, they're certainly not the worst - at least not to me!  McDonald's is one of those places where you just know what you want, most of the time. Some people like breakfast time versus other people who like lunch or dinner time. Sometimes, it's just a french fries that gets people in the door. McDonald's is one of those places where the food is reasonably good and is cheaper than most places out there these days. Very often they would have specials and the dollar menu items to lure people in the door and that's usually how it starts. Nowadays, that's how it is with many of these fast food eateries and still McDonald's is the master of staying on top after decades of continuous changes of consumer tastes and eating habits. Eating at McDonald's on a regular habit while traveling gives me a sense of regularity and familiarity while on the road, while giving me the sense of being budget conscious and the fact that the locations are everywhere, so you don't need to go that far to find one if you're in a hurry. Same goes for Starbucks too. Being that this McDonald's location was basically nearby to my hotel, it was the obvious choice, since it was quick and painless, also I didn't want to over spend on breakfast when I didn't have to. Sometimes, the flow of life goes through McDonald's.  While you can have better options at a restaurant Diner, McDonald's can be the one that's better on your wallet, especially when you're on the go. The overall experience here at McDonald's near Pittsburgh international airport was as decent and average as you can get. I was here at about 7:05am on a crisp Wednesday morning. It was nice that my hotel was nearby, so I just walked on over to grab breakfast after checking out of the Red Roof Inn Plus+ Pittsburgh airport south. This particular McDonald's is conveniently located at 6380 Steubenville Pike here in Pittsburgh, PA. It's nearer to the Settler's Cabin Park and close enough to the Pittsburgh international airport, if you are in a rush to get to your morning or afternoon flight out of Pittsburgh. The menu here is exactly what you are used to getting here at McDonald's. The restaurant itself is generally clean and filled with regular customers who love to get their McDonald's fix daily. Prices here can easily fit your budget. From the $1 value menu items to the extra value menus, you can super size them or getlarge is the term these days.   For me, McDonalds tends to favor the breakfast side of things, knowing what I want is the best thing- especially when I do love the breakfast burrito and hash brown! I'm glad that they do serve breakfast all day long, even if it means waiting a little longer for your order to be prepared and served for you. French fries is great and the McFlurry is spot on. For what it's worth, I think the 20 piece chicken McNuggets is a winner, even with the many different dipping sauces you may encounter on your next box of chicken nuggets and a side of French fries. On this particular visit to McDonald's, I ended up getting the two burrito meal and A sausage burrito on the side. The drink of choice was sweet tea, and I ended up eating in and refilling the cup about two times before exiting the restaurant and filling it up I have third time before hitting the road. Just to have something while driving around Pittsburgh before getting on the plane.  To be honest, McDonald's is there for you in this crazy busy thing we call life. It is what it is and the food is not always that great but it's there for you. Budget friendly and always fast and fresh but not always healthy. Four stars for being budget friendly. Three stars for just being average.  Support local!  C+

Well I just don't know precisely wich McDonald's they're listing for here, but the one in Coraopolis is rather decent ! Afraid that I haven't been down there in a little while.But rather clean, easy place to get something inexpensive to eat . Many local residents tend to be around , and occasionally people out there riding the bus grab something to eat  ! But in all : IT'S MCDONALDS  !

I came here for breakfast to go as it's across from where I work.  I placed my order with Dawn, the manager on duty, and I went to swipe my card to pay and it didn't go thru...she asked which bank it was and confirmed that the bank cards from my bank usually have issues...I just got paid so I know there was money on my account.  She comped my meal, something I would have done in my restaurant management days.  She could have gone the other way, but she provided me with probably the best service Ive received at a McDonalds.  Thank you Dawn!!! You Rock!!!

What a waste.  Do not stop at this McDonald's.  Waited 20 minutes in line at a non peak time.  No one said a word at the windows!  Not hi, how are you, anything....  Not a good example.  Got all the way to the last window and was told they ran out of what I ordered.  Couldn't have said that before I paid?  Food was cold too. Will not stop here again, there are way too many other McDonald's out there

Get ready. Rats! Yep! The size of cats!I saw a dude taking a dead I've to the garbage! No lie. One time a couple months ago i saw someone in the stock room? smoking while in the building. Nasty. I'm not going to go too deep into the subject of food. They just slap stuff on the bun, whatever. The orders are almost always wrong. I saw their smoothie maker.... Caked with gunk. You do not want to go to this place. McDonalds should take their name of the building. This place discredits the name.

This place is garbage. The only nice thing about this dump is the bathrooms. If that even counts. I guess that makes it deserve one star. If you order ANYTHING special on a sandwich they'll screw it up. Don't like pickles? Deal with it. Ask for no pickles and they'll give you extra pickles. Garbage.

Contrairement aux commentaires ici....je trouve ce mcdo bien (pour un mcdo)  Les petites madames sont gentilles et rapides ! Par contre quand vous donnez une commande à un client, vous pourriez laisser 3-4 secondes le temps que le client dépose le sac....là on se fait remplir les mains avec le sac, le cabaret à breuvage, et pendant qu'on a tout ça dans les mains, elles tendent le change dans la seconde.....très chiant à long terme.  Jamais on s'est trompé dans ma commande.....  Le gros hic de ce mcdo est si vous allez à la commande à l'auto tôt le matin. Un viel homme ramasse les ordures sur le sol et fume la pipe en meme temps à côté de votre auto. Je suis non-fumeur et ça fait royalement chier que ça sent ça dans mon auto. Pas besoin d'ouvrir la fenêtre longtemps et voilà le mal de coeur commence à 6:00 le matin !! quelle belle façon de commencer la journée !!  Bref quelques lacunes au niveau du respect du client mais sinon ça va.

Très beau McDo, service à la clientèle variable, le plus grand problème: la qualité des frites, on dirait que je n'ai jamais des frites complètes, seulement des p'tits bouts, pas toujours bien cuites, 3/10 pour les frites, vraiment pas à la hauteur de McDo, croyez-moi ;(

Well-designed McDonald's Restaurant that actually has CLEAN bathrooms :).  My cousin got a mango/peach smoothie and really enjoyed it.  I would definitely recommend making a stop here over highway rest stops/areas.

C'incroyable comme les commandes à l'auto ont des erreurs.  Ce McDo est le pire que je connaisse... j'y vais 2 ou 3 fois par année et ils/elles réussissent toujours à se tromper.

Stopped in to buy a couple bags of ice.   Counter person said they didn't have any. Spoke with a manager who said sometimes they have it and sometimes they don't.  No one wanted to bag any.

Worst McDonald's. First girl couldn't figure out how to input a 2 cheeseburger meal. At the window, the second woman (supervisor or something) didn't have the time of day to complete my incorrect order and messed it up as well. Now I've been sitting here for 5 minutes waiting for them to ever so slowly finish with the one car in front of me so I can tell them they need to redo my order.  Apparently it takes three people to get an order right at this location. Never coming back here again.

Honestly, this is the best damn McDonald's I've had in Arizona, so I don't understand the lackluster rating this location has. Food was very hot and fresh; dining area was clean; bathrooms were clean and functional; and staff were helpful, responsive, and clean-looking.

I hate this McDonald's for only one reason their fries suck every time I go to this mcdonald's I ordered fry's in my meal and everytime they keep giving me stale fries they keep refrying the fries that makes the fries too crispy and too dry and unpleasant please stop this practice its not good come with some sort of idea to provide customers with fresh fried fries thank you

Chris in the drive thru is amazing!!! He was so professional and courteous! Best customer service at a McDonald's ever!!

You can't get an egg white delight after 10:30 but you can get all the unhealthy breakfast.  Bummer

Just stopped by again to check the men's restroom, please, board of health check this place out. Restroom literally had shit all over. This place is disgusting

They always forget the hash brown and or the hot sauce for the breakfast burritos:/ I'm going to start checking my order every time I go here, can't trust them!

I managed to convince myself to drive the 15 minutes to this Mcdonalds, as it was one of few open at 1 am.  I ordered a coke, drove home (30 min round trip plus wait in line) and discovered to my dismay that I had been given a Dr. Pepper. I hate Dr. Pepper, threw it away.  This is not the first time I have been disappointed in this store.  On several occasions on late night visits they have not been able to accept debit.  Another time I received diet coke.  The next time I feel like a late night snack Im going to Wendys.

I got here after I get a haircut often. Usually pretty good.  However tonight the drive they is killing me.   However, you can't go wrong with mc D's

I stopped by this McDonalds yesterday before work. I knew I wanted some nuggets and maybe fries. I got to the window and ordered nuggets. I wanted a second to decide if I wanted the full meal or anything else but the girl in the drive thru rushed me so I decided not to get anything other than the nuggets. I know it's fast food and ideally I should come through the drive thru and already know what I want to buy, but I wasn't going to spend more than 2 minutes looking at the menu and deciding. It wasn't even busy, there was no one behind me and this location has two speakers. Even when I went to pay she was in too much of a hurry and practically threw my change at me. I won't go out of my way to come here again. I ended up going to Burger King for a whopper and fries a few hours later. If  the girl at the window had been a little more patient then I probably would have just gotten a full meal and drink from McDonalds.  2 Stars because the girl at the second window was nice and the nuggets weren't bad.

I stop at this McD's sometimes for breakfast when Im in a hurry and they always impress me!  The service is always fast (I always use the drive-through) and my food has been hot and fresh every time. Ive not been inside, so I cant speak for that aspect, but the service and food quality is above average in my opinion for McDonalds.  Not sure what that other review is all about... I mean really, who drives 15 mins to a late night McD's for a coke (and doesnt immediately taste it when the get it! LOL)...??

The staff was nice and the place was clean but my food was barely edible. I haven't been to McDonalds in years because I typically stay away from fast food but out of hunger and nostalgia I stopped in here on my way home from work. They fooled me with the slick advertising of their Angus Third Pounder with mushrooms and Swiss cheese. It looked like something offered at Carl's Jr which I grab a few times a year and find to be delicious. This was so f'ing gross. The mushrooms were shriveled and burnt. I don't know if they even cook them in house but it was like eating gristle. The burger itself was so hard I could've put it in the top left with my hockey stick (something I want to try in the future). The only redeeming factor was the sauce working overtime to cover for its grotesque counterparts. It was like something a super drunk person would fix at 4am. Burnt, gross and covered in a sauce that tries to say, Hey! I mean the sauce is good, right? Like bad seafood or food poisoning, it will be a long time before I return to McDonalds for anything other than soft drinks and iced tea. Once again, nice staff and clean facilities.

Came here at 1am. Didnt take debit/credit. Had to use cash. Stuck in drivethrough for more than 10 mins

This is a standard McDonald's. The bathrooms are usually clean and the inside of the restaurant is well maintained. This is a frequent stop for kids going to ASU getting food on the way home late at night. The staff isn't always the most friendly, and they try to upsale you on little things, like getting a bigger drink for example, that other McDonald's don't do. But they usually get the order right.

I got a bunch of breakfast food and basically the whole order was wrong. There was sausage seeping through the bag and they added 3 things we didn't even order and forgot 2 sandwiches we ordered. The food looked absolutely disgusting. The eggs look like a big pile of thick mustard the sausages were dripping so much with oil it was seeping through the bag. The lady even asked us if we needed extra syrup and hot sauce and she didn't even put them in the bag...wtf? I have two young children who were very disappointed when we couldn't eat the food because it was just disgusting. And when I called them and asked for a manager she answered the phone and said you're speaking to one in a very very rude tone. And then I started telling her what was wrong she said bring it all back and we will redo the order....well no I have two young kids I don't have a car I can't be going back-and-forth it's just not logical for me then she interrupted me and rudely said what what's missing from your order I couldn't even believe how I was being treated so I just hung up the phone I will never go to this McDonald's again and I'll make sure every single person that I know doesn't go to this McDonald's either.  Timestamp 10 AM May 20, 2014

Why is it every time I order a sweet chili chicken wrap it has fricking cheese on it!  That's nasty!   Train your employees on the fricking recipes.  There are only 3 different wraps how hard is it to remember that one isn't supposed to come with cheese! This happens CONSTANTLY!

Ever see that film by Morgan Spurlock about McDonald's called Super-Size Me? I didn't eat at McDonald's for at least two years after being grossed out by that movie! That being said, my Wife and I were super tired, heading out for a camping weekend at night, and we needed something to eat. Along Shea Blvd there in Fountain Hills, there's Wendy's, which I have given up on (expensive, small, and crappy); Taco Bell (NEVER); Arby's (weird, fake roast beef); Subway (genera-sandwich); & a few others. Long and the short of it is this... This food was just plain lousy, tasteless, grotesque, cold, and supremely awful! Had some chicken-part nuggets dipped in sugar sauces of your choice, an Angus burger, and the fries were cold, gritty, and tasteless. I really can't understand how and why people eat food at these places? Besides the totally disgusting food, the bill was like 18 bucks for the two of us, there were flies all over, and people were smoking just outside the entrance. I was grossed out for the rest of the evening- So much so, we postponed the camping trip and left the next morning because we were both a little upset to our stomachs. Think I'm exaggerating? Go eat there yourself.

I stop by this location 2 times a day. I've never had one problem here. Stores usually clean, crew & most the mgrs are friendly - 1 speaks much louder than needed.  My experience at 845 am today was great. Arynne & Pauli were very friendly, smiling & laughing. Food was hot...she had my food for me before they even got my name. I see bad reviews on here from years ago. I asked the Mgr if any current mgrs were here 2-3 yrs ago...she said just 1 cuz of transporation, that to keep mgrs fresh they change them out every yr or so. So old reviews shouldn't apply now. Like I said, I've never had a problem here.  To err is human.

Slow service and the Burger was over cooked and served with a stale bun. This is not the quality I expect from McDonald's! Other customers were waiting 20 minutes for their orders to be served. Seems like they could do a lot better with customer service and food prep.

I'm ranking this against other McDonald's.  Being we just moved here and were living out of a hotel for a bit, we frequented this spot often.  Yes, the drive-through is tight and a pain, but a walk inside is easy.  The employees are always smiling and helpful.  The fries here are ALWAYS hot and properly salted, and our sandwiches have always been hot n fresh.  Bathrooms are generally clean as well.  News flash, it's just fast food, don't take it too seriously!

This McDonald's is our pit stop to pee before the long drive to Show Low.  Not to mention a nice Quarter Pounder with Cheese for the road.  The Quarter Pounder was for me and my uncle got a 20 piece Chicken Nugget.  Along with every type of sauce they would give to him.  We went in to use the bathrooms and then drove through the drive through to order.  After we ordered they made us park and wait for them to bring it to us.  I should have just ordered inside when I went in.  I will also say that I've yet to go into a McDonald's bathroom that wasn't really clean.  This place is a great pit stop.

Drive thru is really small and you block traffic in the back while you wait. They do have a play area for kids and plenty of parking.   As far as the food, it's your typical disgustingly delicious fast food. We usually stop here on our way up to Payson.

slow service at drive thru and they got my order wrong. other than that this place is great lol

Took my 2 year old son here for the first time. The cashier was very short with me and not personable at all. I usually just brush these things off but I thought  that the level of the service was bad enough to warrant me actually taking the time to rate this location.  All the tables were dirty. I would avoid this MacDonald and go elsewhere if you're in a pinch.

Don't know why all the bad reviews.  Clean, quick friendly service.   I sat down to wait to be called and the young lady brought my order to me.  That was super nice!!!

It was 11:30am and my wife was out with the girls for lunch and I was craving a nice greasy McDonald's hamburger and fries. This McDonalds was on my way home from a meeting and was the perfect place to fulfill my gastric cravings. At the drive through I ordered a quarter pounder with cheese meal. I live about 5 minutes from the McDonalds and my mouth was watering all the way home. Got home and unpacked my goody bag. I took one bite of the hamburger expecting my cravings to be answered. Well...the bun was HARD, the burger DRY and the fries were like dry straw! At least the diet coke was as advertised!  I landed up throwing it all in the trash and eating a leftover salad from the fridge.  The quality control at that McDonald's is horrible and I will never go back there again and would tell others to do the same for take out. Eat in, you can always go back to the counter and get a freshly made replacement.

Terrible. Slow waits for fresh fries they said. Got home. Only filled the box half way. Very annoyed terribke

Sorry, not eating with dogs.  Everybody's got a service dog, but no papers to prove it.  Arizona law forbids animals where food is sold or served.  Would you mind my service snake?

I need to give this place a 3.  The place is clean and the employees are clean.  That in itself is a strong positive for any McDonalds.  The negative is that they're understaffed.  Getting helped at the counter can take awhile as the lone person taking orders is working both the counter and the drive-thru.  And the drive-thru gets priority so I have to wait until there are no cars there.

Julia gave top shelf service. Recieved my meal fast, accurate and her customer service was spectacular. She even delivered my icecream and looked me in the eye and genuinely smiled. THATS good customer service! Simple and friendly.

It's a bathroom stop.  Food is bad, place is always dirty, people are okay, iced tea is good.  Playground's always dirty, I would never let my kid play there.  Yuck.

Everytime I come here my order is messed up, shorted, or I am over charged. This time my fries (see picture), was laughably short. I know I don't need them, but still. Always do a bag check, receipt check, and quality check before you leave the drive thru.   Smh I'm firing this place!

This McDonald's In Dallas NC: Service is Slow They can't get your Order correct, U Go back in to Complain & They Look At U Like U Crazy U don't know what U Talking about. I ordered a Artisc Grilled Combo -get a Double cheese Combo.

I'm writing this for therapeutic reasons, I think. And the second star is for one guy at the counter...read on. For my Northern friends, this McD is in North Carolina, where I recently went for work. With some poor planning on my part, I was wearing a long sleeve shirt on a day that was headed over 90 degrees. First 90+ day for me. Ooops.   I was headed to the McD's to meet a couple people. When I arrived the doors were propped open. Uh oooh. Sure enough, the air conditioning was on the blitz. Blah. But I had no choice - people were headed there to meet me so I had to go in.   One step inside and squish squish squish. Ahhhh...their soda fountain had sprung a leak and had covered most of the front of the store. Nothing like squishy sticky pop on the floor - infused with extreme humidity and that 90 degree heat. Baaaaaahhhhh!!!!! Did I mention my long sleeve shirt? Oh, and with the leaky soda fountains there were no drinks available from the fountain. Insert evil laugh heard overhead here.   Somewhat disoriented by the dominating sticky smelly Orange Drink that was both underfoot and in the air I heard the gentle words from a cashier, Welcome to McDonalds. Can I help you? Really, I was stunned at his effort to sound happy. It was amazing how he tried to make his attitude overcome Agent Orange. I was thrown off completely by him.  Remarkably, this place served bottled water. Yes, please. My people arrived and we got through it. Too quick, but what needed to get done got done.   Out the door I went, glad to be out of the Orange Sauna and looking to jack up the AC in my car as quickly as possible.   Naturally, during my short meeting the McDonald's fix-it guy showed up and, of course, he had blocked in my car...

I am mainly a drive-thru customer so that is primarily what I am reviewing. With folks who roll up to the ordering speaker with no clue what they want or they have a car full of people all trying to order different things by passing their orders to the driver aside.........the folks actually working the drive-thru (who also have to deal with those folks) are great. Employees at both windows are friendly, always smiling, and take time to briefly interact with you to let you know they care that you come by. My orders have been correct (a tiny, minor oops a time or two, usually with getting the coffee the way I order it).  We'll get there....one Splenda....three cream....one Splenda and three cream. :-)  But even with that, the drive thru folks are efficient, friendly, and convenient.   Now, if Corporate would just do a tiny little restructuring of the parking lot, that part of the equation would get that other star!!!!!!!

Consumer Beware!  02/04/2016 10:30AM- I ordered a cheeseburger with onion and mayonnaise only.  They save on my order since I did not get lettuce, tomato, or ketchup, BUT, the Manager said I had to pay $.20 for them to put the mayonnaise on my bun!  I refused to pay the $.20. They gave me 1 mayo packet for my two burgers from behind the counter.  What is next.....$.10/pickle???

Whitney the beautiful African American took my drive through order. Made it precise. Matt killed the handoff.  Why end the ultra Big Mac though?!?! I'm so sad I never got to have one.

Why when you pull up to pay why does the girl open the window then start talking on the headset while you have your hand out the window holding your money to give her? Why not just leave the window closed while you talk to the customer that just pulled up at the drive up speaker? It's like me walking right up to you, facing you, then calling someone on my phone and proceeding to talk to the person on the phone while facing you, it's rude. When you are ready to pay attention to me, take my money and give me my change, open the window otherwise don't make me sit there and stare at you and hold my arm out with my money and listen to the other person order their entire meal. Is it just me? Ease up McD......

If I can give no star .I will give no star, they don't  deserve  a star.Today,the cashier messed up my credit card with their credit machine and was asking me for another form of payment , the manager instead of apologizing was yelling at me and even said she will call the police if I didn't move.This is not a good place to eat. Please stay away from this location. The staff is rude and tgey don't take responsibility for the mistakes of their employees. Again stay away from from this mac donald location please.

Wonderful store! Filled with caring employees and managers! Thank you McDonalds on GreenValley, for your support! Very kind and sweet manager!

I don't come here often, but twice now out of no more than 10 visits, I've ordered a specialty pie, they ring it up, then once I pull up to the last window, oh sorry, we don't have any pies. Now the reason for my poor review is because the last time this happened, they gave me two apple pies to make up for it--ok cool! Until I found the two apple pies to be cold.

This McDonald's is literally one minute from where I live and I'm super disappointed that it sucks! I went there last night and pulled in real quick to grab some food and this sweet little girl came on the speaker and said good morning, we're not taking any more orders due to technical difficulties. I was like ok, no worries and left. As I pulled away, I thought wtf, technical difficulties? I was annoyed but what do I know? Maybe they really were having issues so I left and ended up going somewhere else. Not that bad right? Well here's the kicker..so I'm driving back from where I ended up getting food from and as I pass this McDonald's I see FOUR cars in line ordering and picking up their food! WTF. Obviously their technical difficulties cleared up real quick cuz I had only left about 10 mins earlier. As I reflected on this bullshit, I realized this was like the fourth time they've done this. Always a different excuse. GRANTED-I went at like 3am but still...don't advertise that you're open 24 hours then pick and choose when you serve. RUDE! I don't like my job either but I still do it. Not wasting my time again.

Came to this McDonald's because it's the good one in this part of Henderson. I stand corrected. Maybe all McDonald's are all bad all the time now. If you have a brand new promotion for a new sandwich you can't serve an old chicken pattie.  They agreed it was old. However, they're almost dumbfounded that I was willing to wait 8 minutes to get a fresh one. I don't understand what fast food is doing anymore. They are not that much faster. They have all this new equipment only serve lukewarm microwave quality food. It makes no sense. To top it all off, in the old days they offer you a free coupon for a free pie. Now, they act like they're doing you a favor by giving you the right hot food that you ordered in the first place. I think that this will be my last stop at any #McDonalds ever unless its for some random travel reason. It's one thing that it's not good for you But to not taste good or be convenient on top of it; what's the point? Note: this location is still better than the sunset and Stephanie location.

Food took a while it was at night I was looking at apartments on that street all the way up the street but this is the only McDonalds in the vicinity and there's no other real restaurant in for a mile or two going up to Henderson

This McDonald's provides the best customer service of any fast food restaurant I've ever been to.  I always leave here feeling better then when I entered. Great service!

This location is on point I don't come to McDonald's often but I do have to say this one is pretty outstanding through the drive-through. Always so fast and really friendly. It's a great location.

I have not been to McDonalds in years and this visit reminded me why, but let's start with the positive.   I don't remember the interior decor of McDonalds being so modern, but this particular location is spacious, clean, and has lots of room to sit.  But unfortunately it's McDonald's and the food cannot be helped. Looking at the menu it has more options then most 5 star restaurants.  This is fast food.  Stick to the basics and be good at them.   I went with chicken nuggets (BBQ sauce for dipping), French fries and a drink.   All very bland, with no flavor, and my drink was flat.  Would have been better just drinking the BBQ sauce.  There was more fried outer shell on the nuggets than chicken.    Unless your in a pinch and need food to essentially fuel your body before you pass out, skip the Golden Arches, as they are definitely not in the race for the top fast food choice anymore.  The upgraded interior and spacious accommodations is the only reason for the two stars and not one.  Please just focus on the basics of my youth.

I don't understand how after midnight you cannot order grilled or crispy chicken wraps. Especially considering a crispy chicken wrap is chicken that is cooked in a fryer that could be made in 10 minutes. I do not mind waiting the 10 minutes but the fact that they said they won't do it ridicoulus now I remember why I quit eating there. Its garbage.

The people are always SO friendly in the drive through in the morning. My order is always correct.  This place is mega busy in the mornings. I often want to go through the drive through on my way to work, and have pulled into the parking lot only to pull back out and skip breakfast because it's so busy. They really need to have additional people working there for the rush hour traffic in the mornings. I have also sometimes gone inside in the mornings, and the line will be really slow to move, so again, sometimes I've just walked back out.  They would get a lot more of my business, and I'm sure of others', if the line moved quicker!  I do also appreciate how clean and pretty the location is. There are often fresh flowers on the table, which is a nice touch. There are also TVs to watch.

I've been going here for over 8 years and lately it's lacking so much it's worth my time to comment. We just went by at 2:30 a.m and were the only ones in line the entire time. The manager was slacking or just flirting with the rest of the staff cuz she could care less about our order until I mentioned it. Food was old and the service was severely lacking coming from someone who has worked in food services for over 15 years.

I mean, it's McDonald's. It's not a 5 star restaurant but I prefer this location over all the others. When I get off work I will swing by and get a little late dinner. They have never messed up my order. They usually even end up giving me extra stuff for free because I go late at night and they either have to throw it away or give it away.   Again, as far as prices vs quality...its McDonald's. You get what you pay for. The manager Amanda is always so cool and very nice and friendly.   Either way, this is a pretty easy review. I prefer this one over many other McDonald's.

I don't know how a restaurant can consistently get your order wrong. This is my neighborhood MCD's and if there was anything else close by, I would go there. Been coming to this place for years and for years they continuously get the order wrong. The help in this place does not deserve $15 an hour, they don't deserve the $7.50 they are getting paid. A normal order for our family would be 5 or six sandwiches and fries etc. The order thru the drive thru will always be missing something. ALWAYS.   This morning, 3 sausage egg mc muffins, 2 sausage mcmuffin no egg, 2 sausage mcmuffin no cheese. 7 sandwiches total. Get home 5 sandwiches. The only way to deal with these people is to hold up the line and take everything out of the bag and inventory it before driving off. It is a shame, but you must do that. They will never get the order right. Complained to some Mexican woman who was manager on duty. All she said was sorry. Here is another sandwich. Next customer please.

The slowest McDonald's I have ever been to. It took 7 minutes to order at the drive through. Girl said I'll be right with you and came back a year later. Corporate needs to visit ASAP

Ordered 2 double quarter pounders with cheese, got home, & of course...got 2 single quarter pounders with cheese. It's called reading employees! Top to bottom! Left to right! Put words together to form a sentence! Lost a customer today!

I walk into McDonalds and this wonderful nice lady her name is Brittany is the most coolest person ever she is honestly so sweet! She has great customer service, she is absolutely so great!!!

I come often to this location and they are supposed to be serving dinner 24 hours.  But every night they do not. In fact most nights is a limited breakfast and cash only.  This upsets many customers as I see them speed away when I pull up and suspect what has happened when they don't stop at window to pick up food.

My kids love McDonalds but my issue is that the do not cater for food allergies, Having celiac disease (a gluten allergy) I cannot eat over 95% of what McDonalds make but yet my kids love the place.  I wish that they would offer bun alternative or protein style alternatives like Carls Junior or Inn n Out burger.  On the whole my kids love going here but I wish it was more allergy friendly

The usual McDonald's experience.  I go here about once per week since it's close to home.  They've messed up my order about 3 times in the past few years.  It's never good when you get home and somethings missing, especially if it's for the kids.  I still think they should no charge you for one sauce with your fries too.  Just my two cents :-)

This place constantly screws up orders. Today we order mozz sticks and no sauce. Come on people you have one job. How the hell are these guys justifying a wage increase? Braindead America here we come

This is about as good as McDonald's gets in Las Vegas.  Sometimes they forget things in my order, but everybody is friendly, fast and the food is always cooked properly.  It's weird how the ingredients at one location can vary so much.  Everything is always fresh here.

Normally, I try to stay away from fast-food in general and McDonald's specifically. However, whenever I have a craving for McDonald's, this particular location is my favorite. They do brisk business so all my meals were hot and fresh. Inside the restaurant is cleaner than most other stores and the staff have been mostly friendly and helpful. You should expect a wait in the drive-through, but that just means your order will most likely be just-made and hot (think fries).

It is what it is, a McDonalds.  You get what you expect.  Inexpensive fast food.  They do have a value menu.  I do like the fries.  The do have a double lane for the drive-thou.  I remember in school years ago in the 70's they would accommodate school buses if they called ahead and made more food.  I think we ate on the bus.

One of the busiest McD locations I have ever been to, and that says a lot.  Generally friendly, prompt service.  I don't necessarily like the McD's menu, but if you do and you are in the neighborhood, perhaps for a football game at Byer's Field across the street, good choice.

Came in on Halloween night. One couple in the dining room and that was it. Ordered breakfast. It did take longer but that's too be expected. The edges of my egg were burnt hence the 4/5. But it was hot and the hash browns were fresh and they did leave off the meat as I asked. Over all pretty good and the staff was friendly and smiling and the manager was sweet!

The Original All American Burger. The Real and fresh and wholesome burgers and fries are amazing. The fresh made artisan buns and cooked to order fresh wholesome burger. Fish filet special, gotta love that wild caught marine council certified sustainable fish from Alaska.  The cool decor and vintage retro feel makes this place a special place between home and work to grab breakfast any time of day and a hot McCafe beverage. Love the hot real fresh Idaho potatoes.   The real milkshakes are amazing. Love the Clean fresh Salads and clean nuggets without any preservatives or artificial ingredients.

It almost seems like some of the girls that work the register have seen a human being before. What happened to basic customer service skills? Hi, welcome to mcdonalds. What can I get for you? Or at least acknowledge your customers, don't just stare at them.

It's McDonald's, how hard is it to screw up? Well, apperently, not very. I have called and emailed numerous times about orders being wrong. I sent multiple emails back and forth with the store owner. I have informed him i am diabetic and can not have non diet drinks. Again yesterday, i stopped after work. Ordered a chicken nugget kids meal, with sweet and sour sauce and a DIET dr pepper.   My bucket (yay halloween themed) included bbq sauce instead of sweet and sour (notice they are no where near spelled the same!) and a refular dr prpper. I even stressed the word diet to the lady at the window handing me it. I am done. I know there are many more that have said the same! Unless you don't want to eat what you order, stear clear!

Always check your order before leaving...6 out of 10 times Something will either be missing or just wrong. Very frustrating.

Tea with extra lemon means more than 1 lemon slice.  Tea in a Styrofoam cup means that-not paper cup that leaks and sweats all over my desk.

Definately not service with a smile. Order is usually wrong, and workers are rude.

Upon arrival, parking was difficult because they have a terrible traffic flow system. Once inside, the girl behind the counter was clueless, the register didn't work and had to be rebooted, their ice machine had absolutely NO ice and then I had to wait more than 10 minutes to get my food (even though there was no line). Once I got my food, it was cold (even the French fries were cold and extremely chewie-gross!). Not a good experience at all.

Burger was thrown in the box and the entire thing was overlooked. Never go here

Slowest drive thru ever.  Every time I come I keep forgetting this fact and regret it.    Inside service much better. Ordered two shakes at 7:26 PM by recorded receipt time. Did not get shakes until 7:37.  Worth the drive to a different location.

Worst McDonald's I've ever been to!! I've been to over 13 countries in my life and dozens of states, and this is still the worst McDonald's I've ever been. We live less than 1/2 mile here and purposely go to a different one. They can never make your order correct and they're rude and done care.  I've told a manager before that a kid was stealing fries off of the trays after the employees sit the food down and yell the number out, the manager did not care or do anything. DO NOT GO TO THIS MCDONALDS!

My daughter and I stopped in to this McDonalds.  We went inside to place our to go order.  We were 3rd in line.  When it was our turn the guy at the counter said i will be right with you.  TEN minutes later he took our order.  We went to get our soda.  Cup lids every where, no straws, soda spills and trash everywhere!! Then i looked at the trash cans and they were literally overflowing!!! We usually go to this McDonalds on Friday nights and it doesn't look like this.  Then while waiting for our order the people in front of us ordered a mocha drink.  When the guy gave them to her she said, you dont use the machines anymore to mix them?  He said, Oh we do, but i just mixed them by hand because it's faster!  She was pissed and I would have been too!!

I absolutely HATE this McDonalds. It has the most incompetent, slow employees EVER! Almost every time I go there to get a $1 soda, and iced coffee, or something to eat with my kids, it is an agonizing process whether in the drive thru or in the restaurant. I try to avoid this location even though it is 2 blocks from my house. This location has been this way for at least 2 years.....no hope for it changing any time soon...

Don't you just HATE it when you are pulling into a McDonald's with an empty drive-thru and then suddenly 3 or 4 cars pull up out of no where in front of you???  This one is pretty quick to handle a mass of hungry drivers seeking another McMeal in the drive-thru lane.  Besides, being pretty quick, the other thing I do like about McDonald's is that they are consistent, no surprises here.   I like that I can get a $1 coffee anytime of the day too (nothing like the smell of McDonald's breakfast permeating from the Drive-thru window of the Golden Arches in the morning)....mmmm!

I moved to the area a year ago.  I've been to this McDonalds drive up a few times.  Maybe it's just bad luck, but these guys have never got the order right and half the time I have to park and wait.  Can't even call the management to complain, no answer.  I have an answer for them.  You're out of chances. I will drive out of my way to find another McDonalds that has their act together.

They can't get one order right. I always get the wrong food. I ordered a Big mac combo meal and received 10 pieces of nasty chicken nuggets even after she repeated my order while she handed it to me. Avoid this place. Wendy's is much better.

Horrible service!  Extremely slow and the staff has an I don't give a shit attitude.  Ordered a Happy Meal for my son in the dining area and it took over 10 minutes.  Staff was no where to be found as they scattered like cockroaches.  Avoid this place!

They are really slow and the teenagers there don't care about their jobs. This is the worse McDonald's I've ever been to. I recommend Litchfield road and McDowell or Dysart rd south of the i-10. Who ever does the hiring here needs to hire more adults.

McDonald's sucks! Only reason to eat here is cheap and if your in a hurry. Their is so many other options to go for do it! Otherwise you will regret eating this garbage!

The rude employees take forever to place and make your order. I waited 20 minutes to get my food from the time I walked in the door. To top it off, the entire place is filthy.

This place..I almost caught full blown AIDS from the condiment station. What happen here? Refugees come through here?

I moved to this area in 2003 and have been coming here ever since. There have been some times that the crew wasn't at their sharpest, and one period of about a year when there was a language barrier (I always had to check before I drove off to see if my Diet Coke was really a Dr. Pepper), but overall, it's been very good. And ALWAYS very, very clean, which is what I *really* want in a restaurant.   The food is typical McDonalds. I've never had a cold or stale sandwich or fries, and whenever there's something wrong, it's always fixed quickly.   Now, as for quickly .. please consider that people can only move and food can only cook so fast. I usually go during breakfast & lunch, and while it's very busy, they usually have a full kitchen. There are only one or two cashiers, but if you pile up too many orders, there's more of a chance to get it wrong.   Saturdays are CRAZY busy, I try not to go then! Sometimes I really, really need a Filet 'O Fish, but I know what it'll be like, so I'm not surprised if I'm waiting forever.   And Shane M ... is it really fair to rate this one McDs so low when you get sick at ALL of them? I've noticed that on other restaurants I've reviewed, too; food allergies are a real problem these days, perhaps it's not karma.   Anyway, if you like McDonald's, it's a good one, but busy. They do great birthday parties, and the people are very nice. If you don't like McDonald's, there's an awesome KFC right there!

This is by far the slowest McDonalds I have ever been to. We went through the drive thru and the line wasn't long but we ended up spending over 15 minutes waiting. We had a very small order and they managed to take over 5 minutes from the time I pulled up to the window to the time they handed me my food. I will never come to this location again.

i went to this McDonald on a summer friday night, they were messing peoples orders, taking way to long, and skipping orders. I ordered a Spicy Chicken to go, and they didn't put patty. It became a Vegetarian burger...and thats not mentioning how they forgot to put at least Buffalo Sauce in the burger.  Place looks pretty nice tho

Stay FAR away from this establishment! Customer service is out the window and definitely making me never want to go to mcdonalds...

I took my children in one morning because they wanted to visit their play-land.  They do have a awesome play- land for kids. I was disappointed when I had ordered some chicken nuggets during breakfast hours for my kids and their manager refused to make them.  I have worked for this company in the past and their policy is to make fried products all day.  When I questioned it the manager said  It's not our policy.  She had no name tag on of course, but was a heavy older women that was just plain rude.  This is a corporate store, there are several other McDonald's in the area that are more friendly.

Dirty restaurant people acted like they really did not care and that starts with Management.  Take some pride and clean your place up.

Burgers are always cold,the fry are either cold or taste like they have been in a freezer for to long. Sweet tea never is sweet. Every time I come to this McDonald's, it takes forever to get through the drive thru. It's just not a good place, so I give one star.

Now I see why people say awful things about this location and the staff. The customer service is appalling and the staff truly don't care the least bit,.. Nor does the management.  I'm not a huge fan of McDonald's anyways but on my way home from a long day at the base taking care of paperwork since my husband passed away. I decided to stop through the drive-through with my daughter and pick up some french fries and a drink for myself. Additionally since my daughter was so good while I was taking care of my errand I decided to treat her to an Oreo McFlurry.  Absolutely everything was wrong after I had placed my order! I pulled up to the first window and paid for the fries, flurry and drink. As usual the french fries we were absolutely disgusting and not fresh! Instead of a Dr Pepper like I had ordered I received a diet something. Grrr...! Then the worst part of all was the Mc flurry. Which they never told me that her make flurry shake thing was down and not operable. Instead they just let me pay then go to the next window and handed me the Mc Flurry like everything was just peachy keen. But before I handed it to my daughter I looked at it and the layer of cookies had not at all! After I noticed that I had asked them if it had been mixed since the spoon was different and judging by the thick layer of cookie it appeared not. It was then that I was finally informed that they had apparently ran out of the spoons that make the McFlurries. Apparently they ran out of the spoons to do the mixing so they decided to put cookie mix on the bottom and the top and I was to do the mixing myself. I don't know about you but seems a bit backwards. So after I was told that I needed to do the mixing I asked for a separate cup in spoon so that way I could have a spoon for when the one that they gave me breaks from mixing as well is it, so it doesn't get messy. They give me the smallest spoon and the largest cup possible. I would've simply settled for the same size that you gave me the first time and the bigger size of make flurry the snack size cup. But I'm sure it was a direct way to aggravate me since I had asked for the information on where I provide feedback. The problem is very simple to understand they have no concern for losing their job or the location being closed simply because of where they are located which is right outside of the military base so their customers will come to them constantly. It's really a shame.

One star because you can't get any lower. They are always slow and 9 times out of 10 their ice cream machine is broken. You get stuck in line just trying to get a cone when ever other McDonald's has one that works.  Never going there again, I will drive the extra 5 minutes to Garden Lakes because at least when you go there, your service is reliable and you have a clue of what you are getting.

It is well worth your time and gas money to drive to a different McDonald's location. This one is so dirty. Melted ice cream all over the machine, food and dirty cups on top of the machines behind the counter and the area by the soda machine wasn't stocked at all. No napkins, drink lids or ketchup cups. The cashier was also rude. It's Wednesday so it's bogo fee happy meal day. She tried telling me I couldn't use it with a mighty kids meal. I told her we do every Wednesday. And of courses it worked! Then when our order was ready, I asked for sauce for our nuggets and she snapped I was going to get you some but I am busy! So rude. Then while we were eating, another family with small children were ordering. A man in a wheelchair came up to the door. And the same rude cashier yelled at the kids that they needed to go help that guy. While I agree that it's a nice thing to do, you should not be raising your voice at other people's small children to go open a door.

The dining area is really small!  I still put this McD's better than the one in Buckeye.  We actually had a pretty nice experience dining in.  The cashier was really nice.

Seriously, the slowest drive through Mc Donald's I have ever been, too. Not coming here again when I'm on my way to work. I only ordered an iced coffee  and there were only two cars ahead of me  it took 15 mins....But the staff were nice and coffee was good.

Today we had my daughter's 3nd b-day party here and I do not regret it at all!! $100 total feeding 17 kids with individual happy meals(any), 2 cakes, ice cream, decorations, hats for the kids to wear, 2 attendants to run the entire party (they were the best), play-land and finally, grimage, the character. Thank you so much Gustavo, and the (2) attendants you made my daughters b-day party a very special day for her and all of her family that came!!!!! I love this McDoanlds!!

*  Very dirty dinning area!! *  Employees obviously do not care about customer service  *  McDonalds should pull their affiliation - very bad representation of the brand

Bought 2 chicken sandwich meals from this place. Mine was a decent size chicken breast but my wife's was half the size of mine. Brought it back and all I got was a refund for the sandwich. Rip off

Came through the drive through to order ice cream and the machine is down. I understood. I looked at the menu to see what other desserts I can order since I drove here. I ordered two Apple pies and the girl who is taking my order says there are no Apple pies because someone just ordered some. I asked to speak to a manager and he said he can make them for me but it would take 10 minutes. I said I could wait. I waited 15 minutes before I had to leave my car and walk in to see what was taking so long. I asked for the managers managers phone number but was told he cannot give that type of info out and I would have to call tomorrow.   Worst customer service skills ever this manger had. No sympathy...he just wanted me out of his sight...

Avoid the drive thru.!!!! They never get the order right.   Here is a list of other problems. -they serve expired food ..pies with date stamps from 2days earlier. -tables are rarely clean -drinks are watery -employees are not friendly -managers don't care and seem to even encourage poor servce.  ...i could go on and on, but why waste my time with these fools.

It's McDonald's, it's bad food. But most of us still eat it once and a while. This location is bad at making bad food. Long waits always, messed up orders, bad bad food.

There was a rude cashier always on her phone she was laughing so hard and obnoxiously to coworkers.

What a pleasant experience ordering my 2 for 3.33 special store had no problems putting on. A folded egg and no cheese. I asked if it was a problem the cashier said no problem we do it all the time. I asked if this store was owned by the same people as the the anthem store she said yes . i explained they wouldnt put folded eggs on and i got charged full price on both at the anthem location. She was shocked. Place has a great staff and is clean.

Food is fine, as to be expected from this burger shop. ... problem is the customer service.  My visit to this McDonald's gave me enough incentive to not only download the Yelp app, but also create an account.   Our register aficionado, Antonio, seemed to only know two phrases here or to go?  and here is your cups.  Any  other time during the multiple order transaction was spent either sucking on his finger,  staring blankly at the cash register,  or scowling at my wife or me, as if we were an inconvenience to him.

My double cheeseburger only had one patty so I called and Camille was so helpful. She offered another one for free on my next visit and was really professional about the situation.

I've been to it a few times over the years, and I've never had a major issue with this store. I tried the new Chicken Bacon Wrap and it was tasty. If in the area and hungry, I would return.

My husband  ordered a vanilla ice coffee and even paid for extra vanilla.....he said he got no vanilla at all...he was not happy...second visit he specifically asked for salsa for burritos and was assured it wa s in the bag, no condiments at all...every visit he encounters something wrong...he says he is never going back....please check your bags.

Stay away. Since my review nearly a year ago, this place has gone from bad to worse. Every order is wrong. The problem exists at both the ordering process in the drive through, but also in the order picking by staff even if the order was right. How sad. This is the worst McDonald's and worst customer service of any restaurant in any category. Here's what to expect:  Long lines Rude customer service that claim its the customer's fault Incorrect orders every time Cold fries  This is one of the restaurants I worry about that spits in food that retaliate insteed of fixing problems. They have added convenient waiting stations for your car to park so that they can hopefully match the order with the car. Too bad even then the orders are not right. What's worse? Nothing changes even when they aren't busy.   Avoid this location.

They can not even simple order right I don't understand why service is so slow and then we u get your food its wrong. If you use drive thru and special order anything IE, no salt fries, no bun on burger, extra mustard they will ask you to pull forward. Most time I wait so long I end up going inside. I recommend going inside so you can see the person making your food.

This place is terrible! The quality is horrible, they forgot one of my fries to my meals and then I get home they put ONE pickle on each of my cheeseburgers and put like a dab of ketchup on it. After a long day of moving and being hungry, this was the only place open and then they give us horrible food. Super disappointed, the management needs to crack the whip on their employees!!! I only gave it one star because I had to to write a review or I would have put zero stars...

Nice, clean location and layout, but the drive thru was really slow, especially when it wasn't busy

We love this location! The staff are all friendly, helpful n they greet you with a smile when you walk in & say goodbye when you leave! It's clean from top to bottom! The managers run a tight ship! Great place to eat, enjoy friends & listen to fantastic music!! My orders are ALWAYS CORRECT!! :)

You know you are at a bad customer service McDonald when you experience it in the drive thru. cannot imagine how much worst it is if one goes inside. The employees do not care and they show it. Want aggravation go to this one for it, other than this stay away from all McDonalds.

Never gets an order right. Young ladies in drive through don't answer drive thru. Continue talking to friends while we wait in line. Worst McDonald's ever

Great Mcdonalds location, very efficient employees and clean workspace. A gentleman Dominic there was very courteous about my order and actually seemed like  he cared. Very refreshing from a customer standpoint.

I went into this McDonalds on 1/23/17 at about 4:30pm. Nothing was wrong with my food but the atmosphere is the topic of my review. This place is obnoxiously loud to start with. The main cause is that they blast music very loudly and they always play music from the 1950's era. I'm not sure why they feel that customers want to hear loud music when they come in to eat. You can't even hear yourself think over it. It causes everything else to be louder. When the employees talk, they scream. I can hear every single word 30ft away. I could barely stand to eat my meal. This is not the first time I've experienced this issue at this location either. I can't imagine going there with my family or friends and trying to communicate. I've asked them to turn it down, they say they will but I don't hear any difference. I'm not a old mean guy either, late 30's male. This is the worst McDonald's I've been to and don't see myself coming here again. You can't concentrate on your work at all.   Brian K. Biggs bbiggs77@gmail.com : 602-488-0092

I hate to give this a bad review, but I need to.  The manager that used to work here (don't know if he still does or not) was always very nice and apologetic to us every time something went wrong.  What could that be?  1.  Out of products like ICE, ICE CREAM, APPLE PIES.  - These are things we would normally buy.  I've only come across one other McDonald's that often runs out of stuff and that's the McDonald's at Queen Creek & Power (Higley area).  This McDonald's is similar.  2.  Getting the order wrong. - Today I ordered a sugar free vanilla iced coffee.  They gave me one that was NOT sugar free.  That's just today.  Thankfully my orders are usually simple, like ICE.  Hard to get that wrong.  3.  Some of the personnel there are very unfriendly or unapologetic when they get the orders wrong, so not great customer service by some of the people.  However, some of the people have GREAT customer service.  I wish I remembered the names of each.  Why do I go to this McDonald's?  Because it's close to my house and on the way usually to my kids' school, so the most convenient.  However, it's not really convenient when they get your order wrong and you have to come back or if they are out of products.  Maybe I'm better off going to the other McDonald's that is still near me, but definitely the traffic is much worse.  I've never had an issue at the other 2 McDonald's.    Why can't they get it right at this McDonald's?

Ewwwww ....  don't eat here. I will never be back !  Tonight my wife wanted ice cream so I grabbed two vanilla cones from mcdonalds!  Took one bite it was fine take a second bite and a huge strand of human hair was in it. I spit it out and threw everything in the garbage !   Buyers beware this location is awful .   It's obviously dirty since I had human hair in my ice cream . Not on the surface but inside the actual swirl of ice cream itself gross........    Don't stop at this location it's disgusting .     Really you guys think you deserve 15 dollars an hour?  Wow that's ridiculous !!!!!    I'm appalled and I will be making a formal complaint to the health department and corporate as well .   Shame on you McDonalds    Shame on you !!!!!!   Gross thank god I didn't let my daughter have any !!!  I would have been even more pissed off !!

Horrible! Got a cold Big Mac and a small fry in a large fry box. Ridiculous service and food quality.

went to McDonald's on Warner and cooper and was so impressed with service friendliness and how quick our order was. the manager amed is so nice and the other girl gracie was so sweet and awesome !! from now on we will go out of our way to go to this McDonald's!!! it's great to actually see people who care about doing a good job!!! really impressed

Customer service here is terrible. I was waiting for my order for the longest time only to find it in the counter. It was cold when I got it and they never bothered to call my number.

Terrible service, rude employees.  Left feedback on McDonald's.com so many times, yet no avail.  I got dirty looks in the drive thru from drugged out kids and the wrong food. Would not return

I stopped in to grab food for my friend. Stood there for 5 minutes waiting for someone to wait on me! Then another 15 minutes to get my meal as the manager Ahmed flirted with the help!  Terrible service!! Immature staff! Food cold!

Clean, fast and quick. I don't think any McDonald's deserve 5 stars! But it's one the best McDonald's I have been to!

Drive through was packed went inside Rude service  Over charged when I ordered 2 egg sausage Mcmuffins  and then find out I got ham instead of Sauasage  This is the worse McDonalds in the east Valley

We picked up breakfast sandwich at night & the guy said it'll be a minute because they are make a fresh batch. When we got 6 sausage & egg mcmuffin, the bread was hard as a rock, some had cheese & some didn't sausage was dark brown with no moist what so ever, egg was hot on the outside but cold inside. When asked, the manager said that is how it should be. We've breakfast here before & never was it ever served that way.  If breakfast will be served all day, they should seriously think about serving it right no matter what time of the day people order & try to get rid of what's left from the morning.

I always go to this mcdonalds with friends and cousins and its atmosphere is nice and the food is always fresh. the only thing that is horrible about it, is that they rip you off on the ice cream cones. In the drive thru today, I ordered a large cone. They said they don't serve large but if you pay more(an extra 75 cents), they'll give you a large. this is probably the only mcdonalds i know throughout gilbert, mesa, and chandler that doesn't serve large cones without paying more. Also, when I received the cone, it was small (59 cent version/regular) and melting all over my hands and lap. i used 5 napkins wiping it up. they must fix there machine. last time i was there (a week ago) I ordered a large cone, and the lady made the ice cream part at least 1 inch high. that was disappointing. Iam never ordering an ice cream product there every again (shakes, cones, sundaes, or flurries).

It's mcdonalds. There is something about a cheeseburger (who knows if it's actually meat), fries, and a coke. No one has better Coke then McDonald's. No one. It's a special blend and it's just good. It's not healthy, but we all know that. Sometimes you just need a dirty meal to eat with friends.

If you want a shake after 8pm go somewhere else, machine is always broken so night shift can get out early at closing time!

All I wanted was a Diet Coke. I went to McDonalds and waited behind about 7 cars in the drive thru. When I ordered my Diet Coke, they said that they were all out in the machine. The lady was also very rude. I also ordered a McChicken with the works, when I got the McChicken it was just chicken and the bun. Get some better employees who know how to do their job. I guess I'll be going to Burger King from now on

I have been hearing from students that they actually cannot get to McDonald's in Oregon and get back in time. It is Saturday at 2 p.m. and I just counted 11 Vehicles waiting in line at the drive-thru. Never again will I visit this McDonald's. I'm not exactly sure how to say this in a nice way But this comes down to work ethic and motivation. The business is not being managed and the people working in the building did not have any work ethic. It doesn't matter what time of day it is, you will wait and wait and wait.

This is the poorest excuse of a McDonalds. Never get the orders right and half the time food is cold.

Worst mcdonalds i have ever been to. Of the 6 customers in fro t of me they messed up 5 orders.

Cold food. No one in line in drive through, yet we were given cold burgers and cold, unsalted fries. Two napkins. Sad experience. Shut this spot down.

Declining service at this location...  We only use McDonald's drive thru and in the past 5 visits they have screwed up our order every time.  We now have to check out the order before we drive away.  Too much of an effort for junk food.  We'll go to Burger King instead.

I went through the drive thru. The temperature and texture of the fries you could tell they were extremely old. AND I had to wait 5 minutes to get them. When I went back to Ask to exchange for fresh fries, the workers and the manager,Tracy were playing with the managers hair. They continued to complete orders without washing their hands. Including my fries.  No apology, nothing. Here's your fries and back to the managers hair.  There is a Burger King right up the street. Go there.

Japan has restaurants with monkeys as waiters, a restaurant where you cook your own food in the kitchen and other weird restaurants but never would they compare to the zoo circus McDonald's that Montreal has in the heart of the Quartier des Spectacles. Sloths and chimpanzees' brains are extracted in a secret underground lab where Dr. Ronald McDonald pickles those organs for a week to destroy a few brain cells. Then, he rewires the fermented brains to poor human hosts. Stripped away from all their cognitive facets of thought, these pseudo-chimeric zombies are dressed up as workers and forced into labor.  Quite inhumane I must say. Yesterday night after roughly 20 minutes and hearing complaints from other customers who thought that this fast food joint was serving food at turtle speed, my order finally came. ALL THAT TIME FOR A BURGER AND I WAS MISSING TWO MEAT PATTIES? Those perplexed chimpanzee humanoids in the basement kitchen were probably discussing with each other about how there's no banana in any of the burger recipes.   Excuse me, I clearly said to the rotund Latina-looking cashier in attempt to grab her attention concerning my order. She looked and stared at me for 2 seconds with a look conveying I hate my life, I hate my job, I hate everything and walked away without any sign of acknowledgement. I tried to talk to her again after her 5 minutes disappearance. Once again, I was completely ignored and she vanished one more time. I didn't have time to deal with this NPC so I left McDonald's without getting the two patties that I paid for. Just like a sloth enclosed in a cage, no fucks are given.  In my experience, this shitastic McDonald's has brain dead employees that do their best to be the absolute worst at their job. They are the human manifestation of depressed headless chickens. With all honesty, the manager should hire actual clowns for this circus because I'm positive that even without proper training those clowns would do a better job. Congratulations on receiving my first 1 star Yelp review, you guys effortlessly earned it.  tldr; parasitic experience, scavenging the garbage outside for food is a better experience.

Where's the zero stars button?? The restaurant is dirty, the employees don't clean the seating area. The condiments station is filthy. The manager just walks around pretending to be busy. Complaints to McDonald's head office about the restaurant falls on deaf ears.

The slowest most unorganized McDonald's staff I've come across. I work nearby and I've given this McDonald's countless chances before writing this review.    The ordering system is the same as many other McDonald's. You place your order, pay and wait for your number to be called. The problem with this McDonald's is that one person handles the cash register, while one makes coffee and the other gives out orders. And none of them communicate. So if you're unfortunate enough to only order a small black coffee, after 2 people order a trio, you have to wait until their full order is given out before receiving your coffee, a coffee that will be sitting around and getting cold on the counter for the full 7-10 mins it takes them to give out the previous orders. Don't bother asking the employees for your order if it's not your turn you'll just confuse them.

24/7 is an absolute lie. I'm literally standing outside right now and it's closed. I wasn't really expecting good food, but I was at least expecting the place to be open.

Today，November, 25,2015. I got a small coffee in McDonald's Montreal, branch is complex Desjardins. Small coffee should be free as promoting. But still charge me 1.39+tax. All McDonald's restaurant get same deal, but why the cleark girl tell me her's restaurant promote end in Nov,24,2015? If the restaurant is not join the offer why ended at the only 24,Nov not 26,Nov. I need a explanation!The girl is laid,even the manager use unsure tone said oh,yes ~. Manager should training employee good,but this one not, and even worst.

You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean, seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case, I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!  Forget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters, I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then, once I FINALLY placed my order, and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders), a young woman took my card, swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever, I figured, forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window, where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason, layered my Big Mac as such: bread, bread, patty, patty, bread. ...seriously, how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.  I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money, and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.

Hit or miss. Was there today and everything was good. They even checked what happy meal toys they had for my daughter. Went a few tines before and sometimes it was decent sometimes they had order wrong. When order was wrong they fixed it quickly however and most of the staff is helpful. Will go here rather than waterfront location anyday. Also very nice sitting area.

By far the worst McDonald's in the world.  Employees are to busy playing grab ass behind the counter, to get your order correct.  Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order, after waiting what seems an eternity.  I've even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru, only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac.  Save yourself the aggravation, and do not go here.

Worst McDonald's ever. Waited 16 min in drive thru- finally drove through without even ordering! Horrific.

Went late night, was told it was cash only. Asked for a receipt and they looked at me like I had two heads. Unfortunately there is no where else open at 1:30am around here so I'm back yet again and its cash only again. I'm waiting in line while writing this review...Ive been in line for about 20 minutes

By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the World. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.

A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.

Really need to stop coming here, they take forever to even acknowledge you, then spend forever taking care of drive. I know they are probably timed but just because I am inside doesn't mean I have time to wait forever. Most McDonald's I'm in and out five minutes tops, this one I wait five minutes to even get acknowledged, let alone the 10 plus minutes I have to wait for simple chicken nuggets.

Terrible service... with 6 people in line, you'd think that they would have more than 1 reg open. The manager refused to acknowledge any sense of urgency. After waiting for 10 minutes for them to take the order of 1 person, I walked out. Save yourself the headache. Do not visit this location.

If I could give this location zero stars, that would be more accurate.  Poor customer service, they are constantly taking down the ice cream and shake machines several hours before they close and just say that they don't have ice cream products because they are cleaning the machine.  Well this is supposed to be done at closing time, not at 9pm, people in Az eat ice cream all hours of the day and night. I'm sure the owner would love to know about all the money he is loosing because these employees don't want to wait until closing time.

I didn't try the coffee. I had nuggets and a double and it was alright. Still looking for mc d's that likes to give extra nuggets.

I have been giving this location opportunity after opportunity to continue giving it my business as it is close to my house and i like stopping before work.   But after the last screw up of many i have decide i will not ever go back to this location. . I can't even recall all the things i could say here as there are so many to try n remember.  But I'll just say that I've been late to work 2 or 3 times due to getting stuck in the drive through and the exceptionally slow service of the crew.  My order has been wrong on several occasions and i was already on the highway and running late so i couldn't go back.  I've got tea that was supposed to be raspberry come out just regular sweet tea, muffins with out egg, . But most frustrating is the day i asked for a large tea with my double Filet o fish meal and just medium fry. I got a small drink and giant fry and regular filet. when i told the girl at the window what i ordered she asked for my receipt to make sure I knew what i was taking about, inconveniencing me after I had been in the drive thru for almost 20 minutes instead of just giving me what i asked for.  I will say i got pretty upset with her and she handled it well and kept her composure. For cussing and raising my voice i am sorry to her .  However its extremly frustrating being made late for work and then to get the wrong order to boot and being the 3rd or 4th time this has happened, i had it!!  But ill mention There is a African American guy that works the morning window who is really nice and does a good job and he shouldn't be included in the grouping of the slow lacking crew . .

06/04/13  It's McDonalds,not much to say. I just wanted to point out the cool interior.

Unfailingly slow. Been stuck in the drive through for somewhere between 5-10 minutes and we've barely moved more that 8 feet.

Horrible! Sat at the drive thru window 10 minutes , only one in line...then was asked if I wanted ketchup..said yes...never got ketchup and the fries were cold!

The coke still has a funny taste. I was hoping after they remodeled that that would be fixed.

17 minutes in the drive thru. 12 of those minutes after I  paid. I ordered a sausage biscuit and a soda at 11:27am. If you can't be prepared for all day breakfast, don't offer it.

Worst location ever!!!!    Dont waste ur time here ...especially on Sundays!!!!    Worst management ever  Owned by a group based outta BOSTON   Screw this location.   Drive 4 miles outta ur way...still will get service faster

I have visited this location on many occasions and have been disappointed one too many times. I'd say that going through the drive-thru has caused me more misery than necessary. I'm sure they've gotten my order wrong a minimum of 75% of the time and today's order included pickle stacked on the top (meaning outside) of the sandwich. Also, while waiting at the drive-thru window one time I even had the employee chat me up a bit during a long wait for food. He had the nerve to complain that McDonald's required that he take a test and that he failed it. (Shocking!) Do yourself a favor and avoid this location at all costs.

Fast food must not be fast anymore...?  After a 15 minute drive through wait, I drove up, smiled and said hello. I received a curt glance and a price for my food.   I said thank you when I received my food, and the chick turned around and walked away.    Thanks for reminding me why I haven't gone to McDonald's in years.

Generally I don't review fast food places unless the customer service is outstanding or severely lacking. Unfortunately this review falls in the latter category. First the positive. This location is easy to access from the street, has sufficient parking, and the interior was clean although I did not see what state the bathrooms were in. My food was ready quickly and the employee who was calling out order numbers was friendly and ensured I received everything I ordered.  As for the customer service, my order was taken by a clearly inexperienced manager who walked away from the register no less than 4 times after asking What can I get for you? but before I could get a word out. When I finally had her attention again, I ordered my meal and took my receipt and she walked away again before giving me a cup for my drink. I was not impressed with the owners choice in management.  This location does not have a play area aside from a couple electronic games on the wall. Despite the distracted manager, the food was not below par for what it is and there were no safety or health concerns so I think 3 stars is fair for this visit.

I can't believe I'm reviewing a McDonald's - but it had to happen.  Not just because I'm a freaking fast food junkie so it was going to happen one of these days anyhow - but because of today's experience.  I've been to this one, well, let's just say more than several times.  The food is always.... uneventful.  It's not one of those specifically great or specifically bad ones.  It's just..... fine?  The only really good thing I got there once was their big breakfast.  It was only McDonald's good, but man it tasted good that day.  Anyhow, so I was grabbing a breakfast burrito (that stupid healthy yogurt was not going to calm the grumbling monster that was my tummy that morning).  For breakfast, I'll normally either get my item solo, or as the meal w/ OJ.  But I remembered seeing last week that in a blind taste test, the McDonald's coffee actually scored higher on a taste test than Starbucks.  So I figured I'd give it a shot.    ACKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!  PLECCCHHHHH!!!  Ick!  Ug!  Gross!  Spit, spit, spit....   I wanted to wipe my tongue down w/ the wood tasting napkin to scrape it all off.    They had thrown in some sugar and cream.  I'll normally do a cream and a sugar for one this sized.  I initially tried it black. I thought maybe it was better w/ the stuff added.  This was a SMALL cup, and I added both creamers and all 6 sugars they gave me and I could barely taste any sweetness.  It was like the black hole of coffee condiments.  What is totally sad - I ended up drinking about 1/2-3/4 the cup just trying it after adding each condiment.  I really wanted it to be better.  Kept waiting for that magic ingredient.  It didn't come.    Nasty, nasty, nasty.  Mediocre fast food, fine.  But the extra 15 min drive to Starbucks suddenly looks much more reasonable.

Normally I try to stay away from McDonalds because they are everywhere so they are where I go when there is nothing else.  I still end up eating there every year or so with travel.  This time though I was just tired and it was the closest place to eat.  I went through the drive through and got one of the chicken wraps with fries and a drink.  When I got my bag there was no ketchup!  They didn't even ask if I wanted any.  Despite no ketchup the french fries tasted better than the wrap thing I had.  I don't normally eat here so I can't comment if the blah taste of my food was typical or not, but it wasn't worth the calories.  Plus I was peeved to be without ketchup.

Both times I've been here they mess up my order. A simple order of sausage egg mcgriddle with out cheese, what i get is sausage egg mcmuffin. They only hire the incompetent at this location. Without a doubt they will immediately benefit from upgrading to kiosks.

This has got to be the slowest fast food drive up. 10 mins in line. Ice cream Sunday was partially melted. Took forever to get just one fish fillet even after waiting forever in line.

Creo ha sido mi peor experiencia en Mc Donald's después de ordenar por la ventanilla ,pasamos a recoger el pedido y no estaba correcto,faltaban 7 piezas de pollo de las 10 que pedimos ,entregamos el recibo y nos piden nos estacionemos para llevarnos lo que faltaba ,para no hacer el cuento más largo pasados 15 minutos ya nos habíamos comido lo que teníamos y no llegaba el resto del pedido , decidimos entrar para recogerlo y estaban servidos y nadie sabía de quién era ,la encargada de hacerlo había terminado su turno laboral y se fue y el recibo que le entregamos lo había a botado , por último el lugar no tiene buen aspecto en cuanto a higiene y la persona que nos atendió tampoco,al final no vuelvo a este lugar

Wasn't greeted when I entered. At all. Waited ten minutes after I ordered to get asked what are you waiting on, place wasn't even that busy. Then I had to mention I was waiting on my stuff again and waited five more minutes. She slid the bag on the counter and said here you go. No eye contact. Fries tasted awful and so did my burger. What a waste.

Ok...I get it.  It's fast food and so the service and food will be mediocre at BEST.  I have no problem with that and will still take my kids because anything that comes with a toy and offers a playground is fun.  So I don't care that my food is messed up half the time and the employees look at me like I'm pain when I ask them to correct my order....no big deal.  However, yesterday I took my kids to the indoor playhouse and what do I see skimmy across the floor in broad daylight...a nice, furry RAT!!  Yeah....I think I'll buy my kids that swing-set and get a deep fryer.

Incompetent workers that I cannot believe want a raise for doing such a piss poor job. I knew I should've checked my very simple when the simple worker took it. Hijack SOB can't tell their asses from a hole in the ground. Will NEVER be back.

The customer service here is atrocious. We had to order three different times before she got the order correct. Also, how can you possibly be out of chicken tenders? What a joke this location is.

Like McDonald's anywhere the food stinks,But sometimes I get it anyway close to Highway,one time I went in the restaurant and I could hear (What I thought was the manager) Yelling at his employees! Bad move... Ruined my experience,Will use drive thru (If I bother to come again)

I don't even know where to start. This straight up is the WORST McDonalds I've ever had.   Let's see, From being the only person there and waiting over 20 mins for my food, to when I got my food it was pouring and I mean pouring grease to the point where you can't eat it, the staff who work here are consistently rude.   The franchisee of this location needs to step in because he should go out of business with how bad everything is here. Or just do everyone a favor and close this location. I'm sure most people who live in Huntersville/Cornelius can all agree just drive the extra few minutes and go to the location on Catawba! You won't regret it but you will probably regret wasting your money at this location

I love how this McDonald's has a face to face ordering.  No speaker and it reduces the errors.  They provided us quick and friendly service.  The only negative that it was hard to find from the highway and hard to get out.

I travel and so I eat out a lot. That said, This McDonalds is nasty. Face to face ordering is ridiculous and lazy, I figure the intercom broke and they were too cheap to fix it, but I could be wrong. I pulled up, made the order and sat there, had to ask the lady what to do next, she never said to pull forward. I got my two hamburgers, they both had hard stale buns, one had no ketchup or mustard. They both looked old and stale. I ate one and got a stomach ache and watery mouth afterward. I did not eat the other one. When I go back by that restaurant I will go in and get my Money back. They should be ashamed to serve old food like that. I should have gone to Chic filet next door, it was packed and had a long line, the Mcdonalds had no business and no line, that should have been a sign not to eat there.

Always have terrible service with stupid, idiotic staff.  The only reason they get my business once in a while is to bring my six-year-old to the Playplace.  Most McDonald's suck, but this one is truly one of the worst.

Yeah, I'm reviewing McDonald's.   For a McDonald's, this particular one is very good and clean. They tried a new face to face ordering system, so they have no speaker to yell into at the drive thru. You must speak to one of their very pleasant employees. They are fast and always get the orders correct.   I will agree that the parking lot and drive-thru lane planning is very poor...but if you are craving one of their tasty burgers and fries or the new 20 piece nuggets for $4.99 then you could survive the parking situation.

Whoa face to face ordering - nicccccee!! I've never had that at McDonalds before!  Anyways.. they ran out of medium fries containers so we got two large fries - awesome time!   Super grimey dirty bathrooms though - make sure you hover mode!!!

McDonalds has improved its decor and menu over the years and I have visited this location a few times. Lines are fast and service is friendly. Very organized.  I recommend downloading the My McD's app on your phone as you get promotions and coupons directly to your phone instead of carrying paper coupons around with you.

I love McDonalds. I am a regular at this location. The parking lot here is small, and so is the inside, but it is the new McCafe design.  You cannot beat their $1 summer drinks. Especially love their iced coffees.   Also, the new summer fiesta wrap is amazing.  There food is actually better than most of the food in North York.  McDonalds also gives out coupons in the mail. If you don't want them you can give them to me LOL.

This one is okay. Very annoying when people backup waiting for the drive thru  It gets busy and for the most part clean. On a scale of ghetto..it's 3/5.

Service was slow, but they gave extra minion toys, even though they weren't the ones I wanted.

Just had lunch with friends. It was really busy around 1:20 pm - the line went out the door despite all cashes being open.   This location is renovated and has a mccafe.   The sweet chilli chicken wrap was barely palatable... It had enough mayonnaise and sweet chilli sauce to drown a small puppy in. Not sure if this is how all establishments do it or if they were just heavy handed here.

Worst Mc Donald's in the GTA.  Horrible service and staff.  Management changes at this location so much you never get anything consistent.  Coffee so over filled that it poors out the sealed cup all over your hand. Expect to wait extremely long for your order.  Mention any issues to managers or Staff and all you get is attitude back. Will not be returning.  Worst fast food experience ever.

When you think of McDonald's one does not think it is a premium establishment. However evidence i have uncovered proves contrary. The burgers are made with some of the finest angus beef available and the cheese is some of the best in the world. The staff are extremely friendly and cater to your every demand. I would highly recommend this establishment. Please try.

First let me express that I am by no means a McDonald's regular. However, having lived in Tokyo and Madrid for the past 10 years and just recently returning to Canada, I had the urge to see if McDonalds in Canada tasted as good as I remembered (relatively speaking that is). I have been here 1.5 months and just ventured there today, so by no means was it at the top of my priority list. In fact, the coupons that came in the mail, that expire tomorrow, played into my visit (yup I am a fool for a good coupon!).   On the positive, the actual hamburgers were much fresher than I've experienced living abroad, so yes the burgers were much better and fries were of the normal quality (not too salty actually). So why the 2 stars you say?   We ordered 2 large size sets (on another note, my god they are big!) and they gave us a small fries with large drinks... not a huge deal, but just the principle that if you pay extra for something you should get what you pay for. Secondly, the Coke ZERO was horrific. I am pretty sure they syrup was almost out and it just tasted like carbonated water... Being a Saturday afternoon and a line 20 deep, it just wasn't worth it to complain or get them to change the order... it's McDonald's afterall :)  Definitely won't return on a weekend as they simply looked overwhelmed... may venture back once in a blue moon during a non-peak period, but can't see.

For many times now, I specify egg and cheese mcmuffin, NO MEAT. They repeat it so they heard it, and it's also in the receipt. But time and time again, I keep getting a sandwich with meat in it.

Usually McD's is very consistent.  This page definitely pushes the limits with poor service. Cleanliness and speed.  The washrooms reak to high heavens. Tables all have garbage. Floors littered with food stuffs and the attitude of workers is the I don't give a hoot type.  This is an embarrassment to the clown empire.

I asked them for two medium fries at 10:00 AM, they almost made them, but when they realized I had the monopoly tickets they told me to wait till 11:00

Pleasant surprise with build a burger order .. had grilled mushrooms, crispy onions, jalopenos and garlic aioli of the many nonstandard toppings .. even got table side delivery .. too bad they did not update kiosk that they ran out of vinegar and the server forgot our extra order of fries .. their build a burger shames many gourmet burger places

The people at this location always mess up my order.  Completely incompetent,  save yourself the trouble and go to another location.

Every now and then when I order coffee at this location's drive-thru I get the sweetener separate (not in the coffee) forcing me to find a parking spot so I can try to get the sweetener into the cup without making a mess. Why would I pay $1.75 for coffee I have to make myself?!?

Most of the time this McDonald's is good bring my children here when it's not a nice day to play at the park. But today they had all kinds of hiccups gave my order to someone else, put onions on my burger when I said no onions because I am allergic and the employee was arguing at the counter about giving the wrong order away, wifi isn't working which isn't there problem and they forgot to give me my deal off my deal app after I scanned my phone for the deal. But I can just say today they just had a hard day other than today they are a nice place I like to bring my kids to play nice dining area and they play area have play tables on the wall...

Disappointed. Again, another Summerlin McD's just doesn't cut it. The burgers were tasty (and at least not dry) but not hot. They were just a bit over room temperature. Granted, business was slow when we arrived, with only two other guests. Not sure if we will come back here again. If we do, maybe we should take our food home and microwave it just a bit. Ugh.

exactly what the stars say. MEH. i realize that it is just mcdonalds, but i have definitely experienced better. everytime i come through here the employees are very monotonous and the fries are cold. seriously, the fries are the best part of mcdonalds; the least you could do is give me a decent order of hot, salty deliciousness!

I payed a visit to this location's drive thru today and really wasn't impressed.  When I arrived at the window to pay for the order I placed the guy opened the window and just stared at me. I had to ask him how much I owed so that I could pay for my order. I guess he just assumed I could understand anything he might have uttered through their high quality drive thru speakers.  The drive through service was extremely slow. This is one of those places that make you wish you would have parked and walked in because you probably would have gotten your food faster.  The food was typical McDonalds...nothing special.

I know I'm going to lose any credibility I've built for this review but I don't care. Why a 5 stars?  Because I can't give six stars for my beloved 99c soft serve ice cream. It's the best desert I can think of after any meal. If I could purchase their machine and recipe for the ice cream, It would be sitting in my kitchen this minute.   99c for 99 calories of perfect treat. I know there are tons of soft serve ice cream out there but Micky D makes it just right to my taste. Packed at least 6 inches high on a tiny cone. It's not to watery, not too creamy. Not too soft and not too hard. Not too sweet. It takes me 10 minutes to get through the whole cone and I do savor those 10 minutes. How many deserts can you think of that takes more than 3 minutes to devour. Pies, cakes, puddings, cookies nope! Ah..If only I can have a cone now...  (Note: That's why I befriended Mike P. He's standing next to my perfect desert ) http://www.yelp.com/user_photos?userid=jo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA&select=DVKynf25Qs0KCXhXbtPrDw&return_url=/user_details%3Fuserid%3Djo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA

I've been a regular customer at McDonalds for some time now and recently moved to the Summerlin area. This sorry excuse for a McDonalds near my house has continued to have the worst customer service, wait time is horrible and by all means hope and pray they get your order right!!!! There is plenty of competition, I'd would be happy to take my business else where! McDonalds? What happen the the customer service and quick service?!!

They just redid this McDonald's. The play place and seating area is great. They also have daily specials. Kids happy meals are only 1.99 on weekends. Check your order because every time we have been they miss items we paid for.

When all you have to do is select an icon to complete a patrons order one should expect that service would be good.  Somehow they never seem to get it right.

I don't think anything of this place. It's Mickey D's!!! It's consistent w/ the food. Service is friendly. They are not 24 hrs so that is my only complaint.

DISGUSTING!!  What a nasty McDonalds! The bathrooms were filthy with no toilet paper. Waited a ridiculously long time for a Jalapeno Double burger which was so gross I threw the majority of it in the trash. It was cold and the slice of processed cheese they slopped on there was not even close to melted. Yuck! Yuck! Yuck!

the worst mcdonald me and my family visit ever!!! the store manager on duty 02/13/16 at 5:34pm is the worst store manager i ever dealt with!!! will not be back to this store i rather go to wendy in the same shopping complex to eat next time with my family

This place is crazy busy .. I guess bec of the location and they have that kid playland thing.

This is what you call a milkshake... What a rip off. Nothing like the picture or what I've got in the past. And the drive thru worker didn't apologize or offer to remake it. Won't be back.

Must be new ownership:management. This place was like a Forbes 4 star restaurant (and I work at one).   The employees were bending over backwards to be outgoing, kind and really nailing the service. 3 visits in a row.  They even made me an Americano. Can you believe?

This location is convenient in Boca Park, but be prepared to wait in the drive thru.  I have visited them during peak hours and between and that doesn`t seem to matter.

It's McDonalds. Cheap, quick breakfast. That's about its use. They have free wifi if you like this place.

This was quite possibly the worst customer service I have ever had from a McDonalds which is saying a lot.  I went through the drive through and they did not include a double cheeseburger in the bag which I discovered after I got home.  Frustrated, I called and said I would like to return the incomplete order and get my money back and they refused.  When I went to confront the manager, she had taken her name badge off so that I could not find out what her name was and she called security.  I was escorted out without ever receiving my complete order and was denied my money back.  If I could give this place 0 stars I would.   Update:  The next morning after calling the customer service number on the receipt I was told that if I returned to the store (for the third time), had my receipt, and still had the food I could have my money back.  I returned to the store, was apologized to, got my money back, and will never go back to that store again.

I took my two daughters to this McDonald's today, to get them out of the house for a bit and let them play. My daughter slid on the floor and hit her nose on a table. Her nose was bleeding profusely, a sweet little family that was there eating came over to offer help. The drive thru attendant came out of his little room and went and got us ice and told us he would inform the manager. He came back with the ice And said his manager was too busy to come out? Really someone gets hurt and they don't even come out to make sure the child is ok? Unreal! The manager finally came out with the offer to get more napkins. An urgent care visit, an emergency room visit and 8 hours later came the official diagnosis of a broken nose. :(  But really McDonald's why not show a little kindness towards your customers?!

Went to this McDonalds on February 26, 2016 at 3:34 p.m. As I walked in, everything was remodeled and renovated into the modern style restaurant. The staff here was friendly and the place seems clean.  As for the food, I ordered 20 pieces of chicken nuggets and two large drinks for me and my brother. The chicken nuggets taste the same as always. For the drinks, I tried the Sweet Tea, it tasted ok. The Sweet Teas at the other McDonalds is usually very sweet. Instead, this McDonalds put less sugar. The best part of this McDonalds is that they have a custom Coca Cola Freestyle machine where you can customize your drinks.

Before dining I observe like a lead wolf scouting the best possible slot for the highly anticipated kill and feeding.    The choice was easy Since only one outlet was available and this wolf was at 3% battery and needs to get his Yelp on.  Interesting artwork in the dining room or as he locals call it kids room.   Food was fast and looked as if it as was made right from the picture.   They even offer the silverware in a take home option.  Brilliant.  I enjoyed this very much.  All I expected and more.   Hats of to the Chef Ronald and team!!!    Edit:  meal had a hash-brown but made the sacrifice of being eaten before the photo.  Someone had to,  I had to eat... :/)

UGH! The absolute worst!!! I can't believe this place is able to stay in business & bear the Golden Arches! How dare they! Only thing reminiscent of a Mickey D's is at least the sweet tea is on point & that's it - They are the slowest rudest saltiest & grossest mc D's around - do yourself a favor & keep truck in til u see the next set if Golden Arches - this place is a dump!

The manager Yuselle was so awesome. My daughter wanted to spend her birthday at a Mcdonalds and when I inquired, Yuselle was more than happy to accomodate us even if they no longer host parties. He made the Playplace like our own space with complimentary balloons and decor. Justin assisted with the food orders and was really helpful in this area.   The place is newly renovated and not crowded at all because of its big area and updated furniture and fixtures.

Just wanted a large diet coke on my way home.... But no one would answer the drive thru at 10:54pm.  I decided to pull up to the window and saw am employee climbing in the window from the outside.... Still wanting my diet coke; I pulled up to the window and all of the employees scattered and hid from me.   Um.... so I left without my diet coke.

This is the worst McDonald's I've been to. The service is always horrible. The only reason I ever go there is because it's the closest location to my home. Also it's obvious that the management is to blame. The workers are lazy and have no manners never say thank you. I don't usually write bad reviews but people need to know not to go here and this will be my last time too.

McDonald's is my go to breakfast joint when I go golfing in the morning.  I grab a couple of Sausage McMuffin's with Cheese so I can fill up before a round of golf.  Since I was golfing at the Badland's Golf Course nearby, I dropped by this location.  I went through the drive thru and it was very fast and efficient and they got my order correct.  Overall, A-OK for a fast food joint.  Return Factor - 50%

Very very slow. They have told me that hey can't make separate orders in the drive thru and the drive thru is incredibly slow. I understand it's a busy McDonald's, but they are awful at customer service. Go to any other McDonald's if you can because this one is horrible.

If you happen to go to this particular Mcdonald's DO NOT order a McFlurry because at 2.79 its not worth the decimal that separate the numbers. Complete trash.

McDonalds isn't only an ugly looking restaurant, but also has bad food. My friend ordered a salad and found a dead bee. I ordered a Big Mac and I think it is safe to say it was disgusting. Only 15% of their burgers are real meat and the other 85% is pink slime that can cause cancer. I suggest not eating there. Again. The staff is horrible they are a bunch uneducated idiots who ripped off my double decker cheeseburger. Oh and let me just tell you about the food. I bit into the burger and felt the texture of caviar. At first I was surprised then disgusted to find a huge spider crawling out of the burger. I had bitten the eggs and went into the ICU. My experience with that dump was absolutely disgusting. People are idiots.

This McDonalds is currently under new ownership and has made tremendous improvements. The drive thru is much faster and there is a whole new staff inside the restaurant. The shake/sundae machine is new and works wonderfully... Give this McDonalds another try if you haven't been here recently!!

Do yourself a favor and skip this McDonald's, I went in and ordered 2 iced coffees, as I waited for my order, they called every # except mine...people from the drive thru kept coming in and returning their orders, this McDonald's is completely unorganized so save yourself some time and a headache and go to another one.  We ended up tossing our coffees, it tasted a little tart for my liking.

It is scary when they know what you're going to order as soon as you walk in? Yes, I've been here more than a few times

It's a McDonalds, not good, not bad. Playplace was clean, and the people were nice. I iwsh I could say more about it but nothing stands out, just food, typical temp, typical employees.

Went through the drive thru for my kids today, line was a little longer than normal due to construction. But the staff was so friendly and smiley. Food was fresh and our order was correct despite picky eaters. Apparently the new owners are making big steps to make people happy! Even got a coupon for a BOGO breakfast item as an apology for the construction mess. Thumbs up guys!

I realize that a place that has a majority of their menu priced under $2.00 is not going to blow me away... BUT, the wait times are HORRIBLE!!! Whether you go in or the drive thru it's bad either way. I'm in Boca Park quite often, so I'll run in from time to time & it's NEVER good! The employees are rude & it's always 15-20 min wait times! The only reason it gets an xtra star is I can get a side salad with low-cal dressing for $1.00. I've never been to a McDonalds that was this consistently bad...

Rude, sloow crew. You would think that when the place is empty you could run in and out. Instead employees ignore you, even if you ask for service directly. Stay away.

Consistently the worse McDonalds I have seen.  It has been that way for years!  Worthless management / ownership.  Go anywhere else...

I have been coming here weekly ordering the same thing, today I found pieces of chicken at the bottom of my iced coffee!!!! so gross! it is only 630am employees spitting chicken in drinks. grossed out! beware!!! 4.28.16

THEY ABSOLUTELY WORST... usually dont do chain restaurants, however multiple bad experiences will cause me to write this review. Last vist was on 8/20/14 around 2:30pm. Went in to get my girl a Ice tea, it was me and one other couple in line. As we waited for about 5 min for someone to come and talk to us (we watched multiple employees look directly at us and say nothing, like we were inconveniencing them). I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt and tell myself that they are very busy lol and go to the bathroom. After a 10 min dump I came back out to attempt to order my ice tea. Same result. I am the only one standing there and now its time to cause some friction. I asked HELLO ANYONE HOME? No one came to check if I needed service, they did look at me, but no one attempted to say anything.  I said you have got to be fucking kidding me NOTHING. I couldn't take it anymore as I have been in the same situation at this place before. I stormed out upset, but i guess there are worse things in the world as me not getting my iced tea. I would advise you try the Wendy's up the street, at least they acknowledge you as a customer. This is the second time I have called the corporate office with the promise of something and the delivery of nothing. Please if you want to know how NOT to run a fast food business, come here for training.

Been here 3 times  in the last two months and each time the ice cream machine is not working.  Hmmm.  What are the odds? Rather the employees don't want to be bothered by having to deal/clean the machine. And if you're machine is not working, how about a little sign on your menu board stating that little fact so people aren't stuck sitting trapped in the drive thru line?

Love McDonalds to the end. Review based on location.  Star 1: Right inside the Boca Park plaza. Hungry after window shopping or messin around at Guitar Center? Come on down!  Star 2: The parking lot is spaciously awesome, and the location feels safe.  Star 3: The seating is roomy. Had a party of 9 for a meeting. It's pretty chill on Monday nights.  Star 4: It's McDonalds man. Who can beat the dollar menu?!  I love it when the fries are still hot when you eat 'em.. They weren't this time..

My 6 year old decided to have her birthday party here and I have to say it was great. Tussle was a great manager to work with. He really tried to accommodate us and make it special. They had no problem reserving tables for us and he got balloons and a banner to make it pretty for her. All of our guest kept complimenting how nice and easy the party was. They refrigerated our cake and cupcakes for us and all of the food was great. The kids got to play the whole time and the adults got to just talk and enjoy themselves. No clean up and the best part is it was so affordable. This is one of the nicest McDonald's locations I have been to. The playplace and outside grounds are the cleanest and very well kept. And inside the play place has a interactive iPad thing on the wall that the kids love

For some reason everything time I come through the drive threw, they are slow and rude. Wonder what's happening inside smh

I stopped in to pick up a side salad to take home rather than make a salad from scratch.  The line at the drive through went very slowly.  I should have parked and walked in.  The salad was fresh and with my own dressing it made a great addition to my meal.  The only problem I have with this McDonald's is the ease of getting in and out.  It isn't easy.  because of the way it sits in Boca Park, the drive through is in the back and you need to watch traffic going to other stores in the next section.  It's not the most easy space.

This is the best McDonald's we have ever been to! The staff is consistently friendly and offer speedy service. The iced coffee is great at this location and the breakfast biscuits look just like the picture! If all McDonald's were like this, we might stop more often.

Although it is McDonald's which I am not a fan of the employees here are really nice. We usually only order breakfast food from McDonald's and an occasional ice cream. They are always prompt to take and make your order with no mistakes.

I wish I could give zero stars because this place sucks!!  Our bagel breakfast sandwich was so hard we could barely chew it.  My oatmeal was half full and one of our two burritos was cold!! This day in age this is completely unacceptable.   It took us 10 minutes before our food was delivered to us!  Save time and frustration and go anywhere but here!!

Went through the line early morning and they messed up an egg mcmuffin, overcharged, and had an attitude. Haven't been here during pm, but am isn't worth going.

24 minutes to stand inside and get a simple Egg McMuffin..... wow!  No wonder their business is tanking!

After waiting 40 minutes for food at sonic, we came here. The gentleman who took our order was courteous and we received our order and walked out within 5 minutes. Thank you McDonald's for actually doing the jobs you were hired to do!

Big Mexican girl had the worst customer service and so did the other male worker working the drive thru. Only good worker was the manager and for that I give it 1 star.

Pass by them...they are LAZY!!!   They never can make Frappe on the grave yard shift...get a new excuse!!! how many nights and how long do you clean the coffee machine when the entire store is dirty starting from the homeless standing around begging for customers' money

They are right off the 10 and 51st ave. I've only gone here for drive thru while I'm on lunch at work. Been here a few times. The employees are really cheerful compared to other McDonalds I've been too. They are quite generous here with napkins and sauces lol. No complaints really. Free wifi is awesome too while waiting in line at the drive thru :p

McDonalds at this location donated the breakfast for The Run for the Wall.  Check out www.rftw.org.  Thank you for your contribution to our nations Veterans!

As writing this still stuck in the drive thru. Been here for about 15 waiting & still haven't gotten my food. Only taking cash at the moment which sucks!!! Really bad service

Stopped in for lunch during work. Employees friendly. Restroom dirty and a homeless guy sleeping at one of booths under the tv.

The normal McDonalds...it was clean and food was OK.  Service was OK.  It was walking distance from my hotel and it was convenient.  Several homeless people hanging around.

Quick, friendly service, and my youngest even remarked this was the best-made McDonald's sandwich he ever had :) and we added on differently to both Mc'chickens, and they got it right the first time. sounds like a win to me!

Quarter pounder was really dry and bun was like a cardboard. Had to wait for workers to stop playing around in the back so someone could refill our sweet tea because they we out at the refill station. Only gave it one star because the place was clean.

All I ordered was a small coffee. The service person rang me up for a small soda. Then he proceeded to give me an empty drink cup (which I thought was a coffee cup). Then I had to ask for cream and sugar. I went to the drink station expecting to find the coffee and there was none. Then I realized that I had a soda cup. I went back to the counter and asked for my coffee. He looked at me and took my drink cup and finally poured my coffee in a coffee cup--no apology and he had a smirk on his face.  I looked at my receipt and realized he charged me for a small soda. When I brought it to his attention he said oh it's the same price anyway. I left and went to the drink station to get a coffee stirrer. There were none. Went back to to counter and had to ask for a stirrer. Again no apology. All the while the manager was at the counter in plain view and hearing range. But she said nothing.

Has to be the slowest McDonald. Constantly short staffed, and they u so when u let them know it's been 10 min since I order my happy meal, and it's slowly becoming unhappy stale food. I could be here at 6:30 am or 6 pm, always slow. And only 2 stations with usually one person taking order and getting food. Where is the manager?

I'm drunk, I come here and order a hot and spicy ( sub The mannaise  with Mac sauce) and 2 breakfast burritos. Tell me why I didn't get any hot and spicy??? What the fudge???

I love McDonald's... Duh but I'm eating my mcchicken and the bun is hard which usually happens after 9pm anyways! Oh well I also ordered Big Mac and 20 pc. Chicken nugget... When we got to the window I asked for various sauces including an Asian sauce but the guy at the window took total offense and copped an attitude with me. He asked if I meant sweet chili sauce?? I felt like I may have upset him for some reason (but we are all ppl and I wouldn't have been insulted if he asked me for white sauce!! LoL) so I said sorry and that I meant the Kung pao sauce. But he said that didn't exist and was a dick! I'm glad I didn't ask for gay sauce. Ha! Dude come on. Ppl r ppl. It is what it is!!

Always a smile, and this McDonalds still gives you a large coffee for a buck, that's why I only go to this McDonalds every morning.... Thanks for the great value on the coffee.... Drive thru sometimes busy but the have a greeter out side to take orders that speed up the line... Good job on taking care of the customer.

No milk for the coffee. Only cream. No wonder everyone is fat. Get my coffee, and it's half full. Awesome.   All in all, all Micky D's in Vegas suck.  On a side note, the new oatmeal is pretty damn good.

I don't normally do reviews unless it's bad and I don't expect a lot with fast food but this time was horrible. So I got off of work and came to this McDonald seeing as they are always open. Always have the full menu available. Well at this time they did not, they only had the breakfast menu available. So I go ahead and order the sausage egg with cheese biscuit. The person running it, when ordering they ended up going to their fellow coworker and saying I'm done. First of all I found that very disrespectful Second of all being as somebody who associate themselves with customers all day I expect nothing more then 100% regardless if you're about to go on break, if you're about to get off of work it doesn't matter to me, what matters to me is customer satisfaction. (If you are about to get off work or going on break, finish the customer who u handling and then go to break or whatever). So besides that I went home and I unwrap my sausage egg with cheese biscuit and I find myself with bottom bread, cheese and sausage with no top bread nor egg;  as you'll see in the picture I am highly disappointed in this and I doubt I will ever come back to this McDonald's. I wish I would've gotten the kids name who was disrespectful to me so I can properly talk to him but seeing as he left so quickly I wasn't able to but I will be sure to tell my fellow coworkers and friends not to come here again seeing apparently to this McDonald's customer satisfaction is not what your guys goal is to obtain. Very disappointed.

I'm definitely a fan of this McDonald's tucked on the side of a Terrible's gas station and convenience store.  Before it's gone, I had to get one of their seasonal egg nog shakes.  I drove here from Wally World and parked directly in front of the door.  There were a few people at the drive through and a few inside the McDonald's itself.  The counter person came quickly and took my order.  I paid and stood aside while she made the shake.  It was quickly given to me and it was good.  One of my few (that's a joke) bad holiday habits.  I was soon on my way happily sipping this sweet goodness and already plotting to stop for just one more before they're gone.

HOW SAD! If you yelpers don't give Mcdonalds 5 stars you are on crack this place is Gods gift to the world! Long live the Big Mac!

Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. I never write bad reviews but I have to let this one out. I keep coming back because it's the closest to me and I've been hoping that eventually they will get my order right, but I've gotten to the point where I would drive 10 miles for a better service. I had to drive back three times for one order one night, the drive thru takes forever, the staff never takes the right order and the food is always hit or miss. It's pretty ridiculous. I don't expect 5 star service from McDonald's but damn this place has driven me CRAZY!!! Good luck all.

As always. Late night there is a problem. Tonight was cash only. Which is the 3rd time this has happened to me at this location. There is always some type of situation with the late night service. It's unfortunate because it is located next to several communities. That's McDonald's for you. Not caring about service because they have you addicted. 50% of time I am disappointed with this location.

This place is infamous for having a rude cashier and not having things in stock. Complaints to management here go on deaf ears. I go out of my way to go to the one on Durango cause of so many bad experiences here- this location really gives the brand a bad name!

Idiot at the counter forced me to buy a quarter pounder with cheese because he didn't understand what buy one get one ANY large sandwich meant. - and the picture happened to show a pic of a quarter pounder. Yet also says valid for product of equal or lesser value...so twice exhibiting that you can buy any large sandwich and get one free. See picture attached to review.  1 star

Stopped in in the early morning hours knowing full well I would need some serious calories for the hours ahead.  I walked throughout he Terrible Herbst (TH) which this location is connected to.  No line inside, I was told someone would be with me shortly. I waited, and waited some more.  I made eye contact with the white shirt,  I believe this was the HMFIC because they were dressed differently then everyone else.  The HMFIC failed to smile back.  I went into HM (Hater Mode) and walked out.  I made my purchases at TH and punched out.  I reevaluated my time line for the morning and decided....I needed calories.  I rolled into the drive-thru and made my purchase quickly and efficiently.  The chow was exactly as McD's does....A-OK.

Terrible service, no water for customers who don't like soda and don't want to buy almost $2 for  a water bottle. Asked if I can get barbecue sauce for my fries instead of ketchup because don't like it but the lady told me I have to pay .27 cents , really? I didn't ask for extra , just a replacement.i hope McDonald's go out of business soon. Manager named Alma doesn't have any idea how to run a business she also wanted to charge me for an extra sirope  after I spent more than $17 dollars on our good. A really bad place to eat

This McDonald's is located inside the Place Montreal Trust food court. It's a nice central location in a clean food-court - the staff are sometimes slow but it can get pretty overwhelming at lunch time. Like all McD's the menu is the same. I'm not going to be rating the food - you either like something here or don't.   Part of my list of quick'n go Montreal spots.

This McDonald's is terrible. From the service, to the quality of the food, it's crap.  Let's ignore the silliness of reviewing a McDonald's and let me share my perspective. I like good food, I like cooking and going to nice restaurants and all that jazz. But let's face it, some days you just want a shitty cheeseburger for $2 and you need it quickly before you stop yourself from doing something stupid.   This McDonald's is fairly slow. I've been there many times and I usually have to wait around 10 minutes for food, whether it's the middle of lunch rush or a dead afternoon.   The food is very sub par. I consistently get stale food that has clearly been cooked hours ago. Whether it's a burger, chicken nuggets, etc. Even the soft drinks. Yes, the soft drinks. They draw the drinks in advance, and then they sit on the counter for what I would guess is at least 20 minutes. I started noticing my drink was really flat, and then I realized what they were doing after going back and seeing a mountain of medium cokes just sitting beside the machine. I know how these places work, and getting food that isn't hot and made to order is expected, but this is CONSISTENTLY not fresh, no matter what time of day. And the pre-drawn drinks is just a whole new level of garbage that no one should have to tolerate. How much effort does it take to get a fresh drink for your customers?  The staff is also not great as a whole. After ordering, you are sort of left in limbo, waiting in a makeshift line because they are eager to take the next order. I've often just had the bag thrown down on the counter in front of me without any indication that it's mine or another customers, until one of us checks it. Often have to ask multiple times for condiments or my drink, because they forgot to give it to me.  This review was written after literally going there multiple times per month, for about one year. I can't stand it anymore, I refuse to give them more of my money.

Never went to Mcdonald? Are you Vegan?Against it? It's wrong to give them money? yeah yeah yeah...  It's what we call amongs us, Normal, a Guilty pleasure followed by a crappy discusting feeling in your tummy and a small down 'cause everything on their menu as crazy amount of Highly Modified Hardcore FRUCTOSE!  Why the 2 stars!? 'Cause that what Freedom is! a Guilty pleasure follew by a discussing feeling in your tummy! ... Yeah. We do stupid things like eating McDonald!    List of my Guilty pleasure:  Double Quarter Pounder Cheeseburger with extra bacon, no sauce/,mayo,  Trio with Fried, and Rootbeer and a 6 McNuggets extra with Honey SAUCE (it's not real Honey!)

One of the most disorganised and frustrating McDonald's I ever go to. I have been to this location many times and many times they have gotten my order wrong and cheated me. One example being I ordered a sausage egg mcmuffin and a bacon egg meal and receiving both with sausage. That was annoying. But just today I got a sausage egg and they gave me without my egg ripping me off and basically stealing from me. Their staff is not well trained and can't seem to keep track of orders whether they have 10 customers or 2. This location needs to shape up or a new location should be created. Maybe on Eglinton between Kipling and Martin Grove would be nice.

It's fast food so expect that quality of food.   As far as being a McDonald's,  its not thr cleanest. Service is slow for a fast food joint. The employees seem more interested in socializing than doing their jobs?  Also. The ice cream machine never seems to be or or working.

This is not the first time I have had a issue with this particular location. From food quality to service, but this is absolutely the worst experience I have ever had.  I ordered a Big Mac to take home and when I opened the box, the smell almost knocked me off my chair.  I turned the burger over and the bottom of the bun was full of the most smelly mold I have ever seen.   Silly me, I actually brought it up to my nose to smell and 1 hour later, I still cannot get the smell out of my nose.   This was disgusting. How can a restaurant not see this on their bun prior to assembling the the sandwich.  I feel like I am about to throw up and have been choking it back ever since.  Took it back and all they did was refund the cost.  True class McDonalds... True class  I would not recommend this location to anyone as I mentioned, this is not the first time I have had issues at this one.  I just wish we could post a photo of this here

Food is like any other mcdonalds, however when I arrived there at 10:30pm they seemed to have run out of a lot of hamburgers. The venue was very dirty with fruit flies flying around and a dead cockroach lying on the floor. The floors were dirty and the place felt grimey. That mixed with no hamburgers to provide made this trip unpleasant.

Lineups of the local Somali gang bangers and Somali mothers with a dozen kids often mean that you'll wait in line for a while.  Thanks to the aforementioned gang bangers and kids, you can expect a very loud and rowdy atmosphere, if you decide to eat there.  The personnel try to do their best, and are polite and pleasant, but if you try to customize your order, they get confused, are in way over their heads, and chaos ensues!

Worst mcdonalds i have been to in the GTA. Very rowdy unsettling environment, extremely slow getting food, looks pretty dirty aswell and employees have attitudes and don't seem trained at all whatsoever.

This place is not the best managed McDonalds that I have visited.   The staff is pleasant enough to deal with, but they really need to be managed better overall. I was there an Easter Sunday, and there was only one person on cash to manage the dine-in people; in addition to she was pretty green as well.  I am not sure why you would put a total greenie on cash with no support - but there you are.   It was, also, slightly annoying that they got my order wrong - in addition to the people in front of me and behind me... which is just goes to tell you how much more time they waste on their efficiency serving customers.   This location is one that has the Playplace installed onsite, which is great for those frazzled parents, who have kids with energy to burn before the parents have had a chance to get their daily caffine intake.   Space wise - it isn't bad, not too big, but not too small either. There plenty of tables that surround the play gym - but it does feel tight for non parents to sit and grab a coffee.   Overall, it's ok - but only because of the playplace - otherwise I would give this place a miss.

I've only been here twice since it's close to work, but whoever at the McDonald's HQ decided to implement the new touch screen ordering at the same time as the free coffee promotion should have worked at this location.   The new system of order is tremendously slow.   A free coffee ended up wasting 15 minutes of my time.   I remember seeing ten coffees already made but sitting there because the order number had not been reached.......   Yikes, avoid unless you have plenty of time to spend at McDonald's.

I would give zero out of 5 stars if possible. I have never been served fries this stale in my life before. I thought I would try the waffle fries as they are seasonal, and I am severely disappointed with what I was given. The fries were cold, hard, and disgusting. Don't expect good quality food from this location.

I must say, this location must have been the worst back last year.   Ever since they added the new kiosk and improved service, I found myself visiting this store more often. Last time I bought a hard muffin and a kind gentleman solved it by offering me a new one, fresh out of the oven.   My only concern is the amount of loitering by teenager near the back. Otherwise its a good improvement.   Keep up the good service.

Dirtiest washroom at a McDonald's I've ever experienced before. Wow. Says a lot about the management.

Bad service toke 30 min to get a ice cream another time I ordered a double fish burger and got a single. This was throw the drive thru. Wasn't going to go back and complain

Drive thru at night has one lane shut down so if you want to use it you have to block the traffic going through the plaza, very bad and frustrating. So I had to go in, order took a long-time (for fast food) around 10 minutes plus for a big mac combo.  The floor was so sticky I almost lost my shoe when I was finally called to get food.

Worst McDonald's ever. The staff is slow and rude. And it's not just one bad experience there. I have been there 3 times and every time has been the same. All of the employees don't seem to care that customers are waiting 20 mins just to place their order and go to work to have fun and joke around in the back.

I go mostly in the mornings the touch screen has become my best buddy.   Angela and Charleen are the ladies I see most and they are amazing.  Every mornings on my way to work  these ladies make my day.  I've had a couple of complaints which have been delt with amazingly by the staff and Management.  i have a McDonald's 10 mins from my house but I won't go there anymore because of my experience with these ladies

Why am I reviewing McDonalds?  They are all mostly the same, with only a few differences here and there.  Certainly, this is no downtown location, but it's still a great store.  The service here is great, and the people who work at this location are all pretty nice.  I really like how close to transit this is for us Richmond Hill'ers (its right at the bernard terminal)   The restaurant is open till 11, and I think the Drive Thru is open 24 hours.

WORST MCDONALD'S EVER!! Stay away. It is very dirty and under staffed. Very disgusting. The washroom, the main area, the drink area(with flat pop) and especially the play area. Vomit and food on seating areas. We felt so unclean being in there, we put our clothes immediately for laundry as soon as we got home!

This location is very busy with inadequate seating and slow staff. My basic extra value meal order took over 20 minutes! Avoid on weekends when this place is packed.

I must give them A+, I stormed in there with my bridal party, my wedding planners, and my photographers and my wedding helpers. You could just imagine the number of orders we put through within that 1 hour we were there. It was after we woke up at 4am in the morning, after my chinese/western ceremony. We were STARVING.   So being a wonderful newly husband, he helped us put in our order for roughly 10 meals + drinks + extra fries+ extra burgers and nuggets.   The staff were wonderful, they didn't make any mistake and we got our order within minutes. wow! We were def. happy customers. The service here was great, the staff even offered to help clean up the area where I was sitting so I don't dirty my wedding dress :)   Yes, a moment to remember. I love my fries.

I normally wouldn't bother to review a fast food place, since you generally know what you're going to get. The fact that it had a 1-star review, however, intrigued me. Could it really be that awful? I assumed it was probably staffed by lazy, uninterested high school kids, resulting in poor service and poor quality.  I was surprised that this was not the case. The food was fresh and hot. Fries were appropriately salted. Service was a little slow for how empty it was inside, but by the temperature of my fries I assume it's because they were waiting for those to finish.  That said, the drive through entrance is in a really strange place. It looks like you're about to drive into a dumpster when suddenly it's visible. I couldn't understand why this McDonald's is reviewed so poorly! I went back and looked and realized what happened--someone gave it a 1-star review because the door to the playplace was push to exit. That's it. That's the whole reason. Previous Reviewer: I am sorry that whoever wronged you that day did so. This McDonald's was innocent.   I sadly could be described as someone who knows McDonald's very well which is to say I have no class and legitimately enjoy fast food. The fact that I have written a 4 paragraph review should make that lack of class thing fairly obvious. I am giving it a 5-star review, not because it was a truly revelatory experience, but because that 1-star review is BS. Honestly, it's a 4-star. Slightly slow service, upper-tier food (for McDonald's).  For shame, Previous Reviewer.

Went here with my wife and kids.  Looked like friendly staff.  Food came out fast.... What else would you expect. When i finished,  i had to use the restroom. Mind you this was at approximately 1900,  or 7pm. It smelled horribly.  When i went to the stall,  where the smell was coming from,  seen human fesus on the tolet and floor. Told the manager,  she said she will get on it.  Came back at 9 pm to see,  it was still there

It may be silly to review a McDonald's but this one deserves it.  First, there was a sign on the play room door that said, Play room has a funny smell because of sewage problem.  And the floor was sticky, (kids didn't get to play that day.).  Next, I went to dispense some ketchup and it was out.  No problem,  I'll get some from the counter, so I thought.  When I asked the cashier for ketchup, she gave me one.  I asked for another and she looked tame like I was a jerk and said we only have one.  I had three people with me and she expected me to share one ounce of ketchup with the group, and s need to think I was out of line to want more.

For starters....WHY would u have the door to the playland be pull in push out?   The kids can just push and run out and how with kids and a tray of food can you pull a door open?????  That was epically brilliant thinking.   Then I went to restroom and there's blood on floor and feces on the toilet seat and there's no toilet covers in site!   The staff was friendly but it's 11:45 on a Wednesday and there is only one register open....ill be back when I'm in Ohio because it's the only Playland for my friends kids ....but wise up guys!!!!!  change the door.....

Terrible customer service. I know it's just McD's but the workers are so unfriendly at this location.

This is THE worst McDonald's that I've been to in Canada and I've been to many from many different cities. The food comes out very slow, they don't give you receipts unless you bug them about it (likely because they don't want to get bad surveys back) and the food is made awful. I don't expect much from McDonald's but really this place  is the lowest of the low. You're lucky if your burger arrives to you intact.

Ok you're probably wondering - how can he give this McDonald's a 1 star review?   McDonald's was my first ever job as a young lad. I know their system in and out. Over the years it may have changed with the advent of technology but the basics are all still there.  Somehow, this particular location fails spectacularly at them.  I've been to this location many times over the years, more times than I have fingers.  Each time, the restaurant is a mess, dirty.  There's always a lack of condiments, next to no napkins in the dispensers, garbage cans that are full.   Staff here are not always friendly either; having worked at McDonald's once I always greet them politely and make sure to thank them.  Nope, not here - I've been glared at and eyes rolled when I ask them Hi, how are you?   The drive-thru is an abysmal mess.  Be sure to factor in at least 10-15 mins wait for your order, even if you're the only car in the drive-thru.  Late nights? Forget about it. Apparently a thing lately that's happening at this location is their system is down and they cannot take your orders after closing at 11:00pm.  It takes, according to the staff more than 30 minutes to restart, maybe. We don't know.  Um, what?  It's 2016 - your computer system takes more than 30 minutes to reboot?     Finally, the food has always been lukewarm, cool even like they've been sitting out for longer than it should according to company policy.  Fries are often wilted or soft, oily and overly greasy for being out too long.  I've been turned away more than twice now because pthey can't serve me, or rather won't serve me I feel.  Why do I keep returning?  Well, I like to give them the benefit of the doubt but the last three times, the straw finally broke the camel's back.  This location needs a lot of work. Save yourself the hassle of having a 50/50 chance of being served or not at night with the drive-thru.  Please consider other options for your fast food needs, or drive north to Heartland for A&W or the other McDonald's.

Restaurant is clean, but space is a bit cramped. Not many tables. I like that this restaurant has the self ordering. I ordered a yogurt parfait but they weren't taken out of the freezer yet. It was almost 11am, it's on the breakfast menu, and nobody bothered to take them out of the freezer?   Ordered 3 bagels, all burnt on the sides and texture was hard. Hash brown wasn't crispy and fresh. Food quality here sucks. And I'm not comparing it to other restaurants. I'm comparing it to general McDonald's food quality.

This McDonald's franchise is my local one, so I come here all the time. It was established in 2002 when I used to work in the mall, so I was very happy when it opened (the next nearest locations are all at least 2 km away). It's a decent McDonald's, though a little bit small. There's a 24-hour drive-through, but starting this week, that will only be open Friday and Saturday. The service is okay but not awesome; it is McDonald's after all. It's quiet most of the time, but I have seen it get busy on some weekends. There are some better locations, but this one is most convenient for me.

I had no issues. I ordered my burger through the kiosk and about 2 minutes later I had my burger. Everything was clean. The burger was as expected.

If you have been to a McDonalds anywhere in the world, most of them are the same (with some exceptions).  The food is the same, the service is the same, the decor is the same.  This McDonalds in particular fits all the criteria above, but this is my home every Sunday morning with my father.  So I guess this makes this one special.    This McD is actually quite small and its located at the busy Mavis mall @ Mavis and Eglington.   The reason we come here is that its around the corner from my Dads place and he loves the Cranberry Orange muffins, plus its been remodelled so the seating is bit more spacious .  You can't beat the value of the muffin and coffee combo @ $1.79 (it has gone up in price steadily), and the coffee has much improved over the years (plus my dad collects the stickers for a free coffee).  The service here is acceptable and the speed of service is on par for other McD's   Cheap breakfast spot in Mississauga?  McD's is the way to go...3 Stars!

What else can I add about McDonalds that no one knows?  I like the 2 pies for $1.39 deal.  I wouldn't believe that I would say this just a couple of years ago but McDonalds has the best coffee of any chain in Canada! Better than the overpriced Starbucks and dare I say Timmies...  Go for the coffee and add a muffin for 15 cents! What a deal!

My rating is 3.5 stars.   I had to pay my friend back and needed to break a $20 bill. We decided to stop at this McDonald's, which was on our way back to the parking lot where her car was parked.   I have been to this mall to eat sushi. I have never been to this McD's until last night.   It was around 10:45 pm when we walked in. It was busy. I guess that there wasn't much to do on a Friday night?!  I ordered a small Diet Coke and a tiny raspberry pastry. My friend got a medium iced coffee. All together, our order was $3.03. Perfect! I needed to give my friend $11 back for our fun time out at Cavalia.   She was kind to hold my pastry, straw, and napkin as I got my act together putting my money away in my wallet.   The pastry was good. I would like a larger size, so I am not breaking out my microscope to find it in my hand.   (145)

The worst!  Could not calculate the correct cost. Added additional costs.  I have to calculate the cost myself and show them how it's done. Watch the pricing people.

It has Wi-Fi, play room for kids, Huge TV, drive thru and what's more important you can see me there time by time;)

McDonald's offers a coffee card whereby if you buy 7 coffees,  the next one is free.   However,  at non-corporate stores such as this one,  they will not allow anything but a regular coffee if you use the card.   I buy the same coffee everytime I go to ANY location,  but this location always tries to charge me extra for the 'add vanilla syrup' option I choose.   The corporate advertising campaign shows the guy buying a basic coffee for his first 7, and when he gets his 8th (free coffee),  he orders a fancy coffee.   Today,  once again,  the counter person (Crew Trainer) argued with me over the 'add vanilla syrup' option I choose. Simply put, I purchased 7 coffees exactly the same way and I should get my eighth free the same as I ordered the other 7.  Anyway,  they charge $0.30 for vanilla syrup and if you are lucky... You get 2 squirts of syrup.  NOTE1:  As a manager or crew trainer,  you should never argue with a customer in front of other customers...  NOTE2: Buyer beware   Also,  an aside to this... Why is the exact same coffee 5 cents cheaper at some locations?

I go to this McDonalds often for breakfasts. I have no clue why the reviews are low. This is one of the cleanest and most efficiently run McDonalds I have been to. I've been to a bunch! Great and kind staff. Quick service and fast turn over of food. It seems like a very well managed establishment. It has been part of my morning routine when I'm in a rush in the morning during a long commute. I have relied on this McDonalds for over two weeks. Not sure what happens at dinner time but afternoons and breakfast are great!! So I would reconsider the poor reviews here. This McDonalds is a good one!

Disgusting experience. After i got my take out bags i asked for some mayo and staff refused to give me some mayo. Like we are talking about a CONDIMENT. They wanted me to go back to the register and pay 25 cents for it. Like are you trying to win customer experience or just dont give a F about what that actually is?

For a McDonald's that is this busy, the service is incredibly slow. I came here for lunch with a coworker and it was nearly impossible to get a seat for all the kids just hanging around. If you're looking to come here, I strongly suggest it's after the lunch rush. This location is not equip to handle that many customers. Apart from that, the food was typical of any other McDonald's and our order was accurate even though my coworker had a 'made-to-order' Big Mac... so maybe an extra .5 star for that.

This location which is 24 hours now shuts down their drivethru with pylons before 12 am and now apparently closes all together. This has to be a joke right?

Typical McDonald.  Busy at times.  I come here with the kids during weekends.  The play place is not crazy busy in the morning.  Seating area is clean and open.

Easily the worst McDonald's. I try to avoid McD's as a whole given superior options, said, I've had the misfortune of this location on 2-3 occasions, silly me for thinking it might get better. 1. I've had the pleasure of someone's order being processed incorrectly each time. 2. regardless of time this location is perpetually understaffed. 3. Ridiculous wait time (dine-in, take-out, order correction and drive-through) 4. Inability to find seating as the play-place is a zoo and loitering of tween and cheapskates spending a 1.25 on a drink to take up a booth and surf the web. I've taken to supporting alternatives in the area.

so recently i started visiting mcdonald's again. It seems to be a friendly place to grab a bite/coffee and read. sometimes the conversation around can get a bit loud to the point of distracting but that's mcdonalds.   tip: the booth chairs are not as comfortable as they look.

I was hungry driving home on Thursday night. I decided to stop by this McDonald's for dinner.   It was my second time visiting this location. The parking lot can be dangerous. Whomever designed this parking lot was on some hallucinogen, I reckon. Some folks think that it's some sort of maze that seems more enjoyable if you accelerate. Why would you try and break the sound barrier in a strip mall in which there's a Toys R Us? There are kids, people!  Anyway, yesterday seemed better as far as the lot situation goes. You get some wet snow falling and folks realize that driving slow may be a decent idea!  I ordered the sausage and egg McMuffin, which comes with a hashbrown and a drink. I got a medium Diet Coke. The price is slightly expensive than the other McDonald's location that is my usual hangout.   The wait for my food seemed long at the drive-thru, but everyone working there was polite.   I ate my food in my car. I was so hungry. The food hit the spot.   There is plenty of parking at this location. You just have to be cognizant of crazy drivers.   (77)

This is by far the worst location I have ever been too... And I have been to lots of McDonald's located all over the place...   They can't get simple things right, and begrudge you of the things they do! This is damn McDonald's, why should they go out of their way to piss off their customers, EVERY VISIT!  Stay away from this location, it's not worth the time or headache!

This is not a good McDs. Almost always mess up your drive through order. Eating in is crazy slow regardless of whether they are busy or slow. Bought someone a happy meal today and asked for vinegar, which they said would cost 25 cents extra! What on earth are they thinking? Only saving grace... Staff is very friendly.

The Sunday morning staff here don't seem to be aware they have the biscuit item on their menu, despite it being a featured menu item right behind their little heads. Twice I've been here and twice I've ordered a bacon 'n' egg biscuit and twice they've tried to give me a bacon and egg McMuffin. The first time, I didn't notice until I got to my table. I had waited so bloody long in line and then so bloody long for my food, I didn't want to waste another 20 minutes waiting for them to get a simple order right.  Today I tried it again and again they rang me up for a McMuffin. Son of a bitch. Luckily I was primed and noted I actually ordered the biscuit and not the McMuffin.   Anyway, the place does pretty brisk Sunday morning trade. Verifying your order before heading to your table.

Good McDonald's location. Fast service, fresh food, polite staff. This is the place where I tried the 12 chicken sandwich. Strange name, unremarkable sandwich.

Literally the slowest service we have ever experienced!!! Over 10 mins in the drive thru waiting for our 2 small cappuccinos!!! OMG I feel I lost 10 years of my life with this one!!

Extremely slow drive thru I've ever been to This should be their priority to fix as it's all over their reviews

Reduced 1 star due to terrible service. Store is not busy yet service is very slow. They were out of multiple items. Didn't bother to make more.

This is the worse mc Donald's at this location , kids meal no toy and now there is a wait for 30 mins after ordering food at drive through

This McDonalds takes foreverrrrrr. Good customer service but the wait time is just too long.

Just realized I posted the wrong location back on 9/24/15....this location was the worst experience in the Drive Thru. I pulled up to place order and waited what seemed like 10 mins. until some girl FINALLY came on over the intercom and said the intercom wasn't working for me to pull up to the second window where I pay, after I pull up to the window to place my order she then tells me she can't get her register to work that I would have to come inside so they can use a different register. I suggested just putting my order into a different register while I wait. She said she couldn't do that and the Manager was busy. I was shocked at the lack of common sense and lack of customer service, and I felt like I was just wasting her time and mine trying to make it all work out without having to get out of my car. I finally just told her to forget it I'll find somewhere else to eat that can figure out how to take a order and do their job! and drove off! Its going to be a long time before I return to this location for anything to DRINK....I quit eating at MCD long time ago. And she couldn't even do that much!!

Worst service and food I have ever experienced at McDonald's l have ever been to.  Completely wrong order. Ignored at counter when trying to get corrected and even then wrong order and yet again ignored. You would think they would be sensitive on the third time retuning to get a complete order. But no. And then ignored the fourth time when asking to get access to the bathroom.

The workers seem like they don't know what there doing, after each order they take they walk away and do something else when there is a line of customers. Took me 10 min with 1 person in front of me to order my food. It's happened more then once.

This McDonald's is one of a kind. I think this McDonald's has been here before Ronald McDonald's came into picture. Their McDonald's sign is from the back in the days. They have an antique, red car in front.  If you're around the area, it's worth taking some photos here. Inside however is modern.

This is the ONLY fast food restaurant (this specific location) in the history of fast food restaurants, that has delivered a grilled chicken sandwich that actually looks like the item on the menu, instead of a smashed piece of baby food. Amazing.   It's McDonald's so... eh, it's okay, not my favorite. But yeah, 3 stars for delivering a product that looks like the advertisement.

Perhaps the worst McDonalds I've ever set foot in. Worst Customer service. And really bad food service. Id rated a 0 if possible. Drive to the next wood.

I can not believe the attitude the staff has working here from the cashier all the way to the manager. I felt like I was a problem to them, I was even more upset when my food sat on the counter for ten minutes then the cashier refuses to give me my food that I had already paid for. Normally I give places a second chance but I will never ever go to this McDonalds again.

Terrible service!!!! Kept me in the drive thru for more than 10 min and never apologized. It was early Friday morning 6:11 am 4/8/17. They weren't even busy.  Get to the window and lady was rude!  Never again will I go here. I'm always early to work and I was almost late because of their terrible and no sense of urgency customer service. 17 plenty of other McDonald's in the area to go to.

Mixed up order: forgot fries.  Crispy chicken instead of grilled.  Put mayo in sandwich when asked for it on the side.  Cash only for drive through but accepted credit when dining in...

Well I've been here for 10 minutes and have witnessed 2 separate bum fights and have been solicited for money at least once...avoid this place at all costs well maybe the drive through would be ok, but definitely do not go in

While McD's isn't ever a particularly satisfying experience, this is THE WORST MCDONALDS on earth, probably.  I've had many unpleasant experiences at this McDonald's.  It's our go to spot after going out in Vegas because it's close to my friend's condo that we always stay at.  However, each time, we've always had issues with them.  They're extremely slow, the lines are always crazy long, and once they even tried to claim that they had run out of ketchup and wouldn't give us any with our order.  Anyways, we inevitably come back because it's close and open 24/7, but it still sucks.

Worst McDonald's ever...tweekers spare changing freely, some lady threatened to beat another lady's ass, following her around yelling, dirty drink area, etc. The building looks good, as the only good point. I'll never return to this location if I can avoid it!

Don't expect much from a McDonald's. But I at least expect the meal to taste okay. Have accurate ingredients. And have clean napkins handed to me. Our order was messed up.  Shocker I know. And when I opened my burger you could see where they wiped off the mustard and ketchup. Then went to wipe my mouth with a napkin and it smelt like ant killer. And these people want 15hr?

This is a McDonalds I visit about 3 times a week on the way home or to work.   Always super SLOW drive thru service .... a big line and a 6 to 10 minute wait!    They seldom get my order correct.   This is why McDonalds should not have FRANCHISE'ES  ... WBF owns this one and others in Las Vegas .... THE WORSE!    I own the stock and have called WBF several times to inform them of the poor service etc.   They don't seem to care!   Wendy's here I come!

Worst service I have ever experienced. I know what can I expect coming from a fast food but still. First at drive thru I asked for sauce and he gave them to me with no hesitation. He drops a sauce and I ask for another one, and he replies with a smart attitude I'm suppose to charge you for these but I'm not and you still want more? ... If I was going to be charge I would have liked for him to tell me from the beginning. I have no problem paying for sauce I'm going to use. Besides bad people skills I got my order wrong.... Not once, not twice... But 4 times. And on the 4th time It was still wrong, but I was beyond over it!

I came here because I'm staying at the SLS and wanted a fast breakfast.  Drive through took 25+ minutes and there were only 3 cars before us!! This needs to be fixed!!! 4 or 5 cars behind us left because of the wait.  I'm still waiting as I'm typing this review.

I try to steer clear of fast food when I can, but sometimes they just sound so delicious or they are the most convenient to have. For instance, the daughter was hungry and I was in a rush to get ready for an event and this McDonald's was across from SLS, which at the day of our visit to McDonald's was not open yet and therefore did not have functional restaurants yet. We went through the drive thru and it was easy and manageable.  This is a typical McDonald's with nothing to make them more memorable than other locations (in a good or bad way). But if you are staying in the vicinity and in need of fast food, do try them. Their drive thru is also open 24 hours so they are very convenient if you need calories late at night (which happens a lot in Las Vegas, go figure!). Overall, not a bad McDonald's.

Out of the thousands of restaurants in Vegas, I had to pick a McDonalds...Well, its a cheap eat. Its right across the Sahara Hotel and its design is like one of those classic type McDonalds back in the 50s, just like Scott D. said below.   There is nothing special about it. I had gone through the drive-thru at 11:30pm. I was a little scared since there was people playing music loud and just hanging around suspiciously. I had to wait 5-7 minutes for the lady to get back to me on the speaker. It wasn't even crowded inside.  Anyways, I ordered 2 McDoubles ($1 each), 2 Hot N' Spicy ($1 each), 2 Bottle Water ($1 each), and 2 Apple Pies (2 for $1), and a Large Iced Tea ($1 each no matter of the size or type of drink). My total was $9.50.  Nothing special about this place besides the classic car who probably has been waiting for service since forever. Oh well, what can you do in the city of sin?!  Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!

Poor service, dirty bathroom, dirty condiment station, majority of tables not clean. And the staff looks like they don't know what they are doing. Poor manager coz he has to get his staff to do something by saying 2-3 times

Saturday 2:45am sitting in drive thru for 30 mins just to be told by a rude worker that I have to order at the 2nd window. The hell? So I go to the window to order so I can end up waiting another 20 mins. Line was long as hell. Wasted my time. Owners should really look at what's going on with this location. All I can say is WTF. Lame McDonald's. Avoid it at all cost. Would have preferred to drive further to save time.  Told by a rude black lady that had tats all over that they can't make dinner or lunch items due to technical difficulties. What difficulties would that be, lazy?

I left the Hilton late last night and I was really thirsty.  This was an easy in/out option for me from Sahara.  I did the drive through and was on my way with a Diet Coke in about 2 minutes.  This is one of the remaining early style McDonald's outlets and there's a classic Chevrolet parallel to the drive through where you can take photos.  Looking through the windows, I could see the interior is also the classic design.  I'll have to go back and sit inside.  Do I see a Shamrock shake in my near future?

Wow, this place was so good after the night was over! There is always so much walking on the strip and being in club attire and dress boots I was so happy to sit on their un-cushioned seats and eat my big mac and fries.  Service was quick and food was typical Mcdonald's.  Air conditioned and yummy. Most satisfying Mc D's I've had!

This location is homeless central.  Unbelievable that they have to keep all dining supplies under lock and key.  I am sure theft of items such as napkins, ketchup, salt, pepper, and straws are a hot commodity when living on the streets.   The location is a close proximity to the Strip adjacent to the SLS Casino.  Very inconvenient to have to ask the staff for every little item you might need while eating there.  The Prices are a little higher here as well, most likely to compensate for people taking more than they need.  I had to go to the bathroom and the staff had to open it for me instead of trusting me with the key.  When 10 O'clock hits I am sure the staff start jumping for joy that they do not have to deal with all the crappy smelly people coming in to bother them.  I saw one guy eat his two Big Mac's and bounce with out even cleaning up his own mess.  Nice guy! Very Classy!  Another person spilled there drink right near the entrance and exit doors.  Did not tell a soul...Just left it.  I feel bad for the staff that have to deal with this BS everyday.  Just cause your broke you don't have to be an ASS! We have all been broke before.

This place deserves a big fat zero !!horrible  service ! Puts you on hold for more then five minutes with the drive thru line backed up !

This is probably the WORST McDonalds I've ever been to in my life...  Picture the scene... It's 11am and you just come from a nice hotel to walk into this famous authentic (one of the first) McDonalds of it's kind... it still has the original cool trash cans and signage from a bygone era, complete with vintage Chevvy out front.   Sound good so far right?  Now as you are about to walk in, you notice a load of homeless people's suitcases at the front door... ok no problem, this is Vegas after all...  First person you see: A huge transvestite black guy, making lot's of strange sounds with shredded paper all over the booth, it was pretty scary.  Next booth: 3 homeless guys making a lot of noise and arguing about unimportant random things... the floor is covered in white chalk frothier shoes and the table covered in litter.  At the checkout the staff are very unusual too... I couldn't figure out if the person serving me was male or female??? Next checkout had a really old lady with a deep husky voice shouting something at someone in the back...   Enter more homeless people! As I looked around, I noticed that actually, over 1/2 of the customers were either homeless people or possibly homeless (hookers/drug addicts?) just hanging out in McDonalds all day!  Even the bathroom had homeless people inside washing...  Now, I've got nothing against this at all, but I'm not sure that McDonalds is the place for this type of a hang out. It really did put me off going in there again.  Overall the service was average... I noticed the drive through was backed up over 10-15 cars though at least, so maybe the management need's to change and a security guard put on duty in order to reduce this sort of thing going on?   If it were me, I would allow homeless people inside of course! But just not let them sit around all day filling up the available seats and also make sure that they act appropriately.

The only people that appear to eat at this McDonald's are the drug addicts that live in the area. The customer service from the management of this act like you're one of those crack addicts if you eat here you must be absolutely starving and have no joy in 60 6o I've never experienced a more disgusting excuse for a McDonald's

Cashier is very suck because maybe I cannot speak English very well. Too much for one time to come here. This is worst McDonalds I have been in USA.

Stay away from this McDonald's.. Service and drive there was slow. Saw my food sit there while they work on other orders. Then when I asked what the hell took so long, I got attitude. Went inside obviously pissed off,  and at first they refuse to get my food.. Absolutely unacceptable...

I was in this location the other morning for breakfast. I placed my order and while waiting I notice an employee cleaning above the table where orders are prepared. She was using a brush and spraying some sort of cleaner. On the counter below where she was cleaning was a rack of bacon and just to her left was another employee preparing orders. As she cleaned something was coming out, scraps, dirt, I am not sure but I could visually see it. I brought it to the managers attention and she said something to the employee in spanish but nothing changed, she continued cleaning. These are the type of things that should not be going on when food is being prepared. DON'T EAT HERE, THEY DON'T CARE AND EVERYONE SPEAKS SPANISH!

Grabbed quick breakfast ...service was slow and the dining room was filled with the joyful abundance of homeless and just crazy people of Las Vegas. As said before coffee was warm at best, my egg McMuffin without Sausage was cold and greasy!

It looks very vintage and pretty but it's the worst McDonald's I've ever been to! The lady at the cashier was so rude! The manager had the nerve to answer a phone call while I was still ordering. I couldn't even ask for a spoon because they would make me feel bad about it. Two managers were having a confrontation in the parking lot and we could hear them cussing in front of everyone.

Service in this locale sucks from the cashier with the black lip liner to the ppl fulfilling the order, I know it's McDonald's but I hv gotten outstanding service in some other areas outside the strip

This McDonald's is awesome.... if its location was in Mexico. I've never saw this kind of uncleanliness at any other McDonald's ever . Stay away unless you wanna catch the clap......

Agree with others... I have pretty low expectations when it comes to McDonald's to begin with, but this has got to be one of the most poorly run locations I have ever been to. I am staying at a hotel nearby and have been over to get a quick breakfast and coffee the last few days. Both experiences have been frustrating to say the least.   My first experience involved a 15 min wait for a couple of coffees and breakfast sandwiches... Which wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't 7:30am and empty...what the heck took so long?!? The employee dishing out the food apologized for the wait and asked if I would like a complimentary pie for the inconvenience. I said yes and asked for an apple pie. When I got back to my room, I had discovered she put 4 pies in my bag, all cherry. I had to laugh.   This morning we returned again for a quick to go breakfast. After a 20+ min wait, the order was initially incomplete... Good thing we checked the bag before we left. They then stuffed the missing sandwiches in the bag and sent is on our way without so much as an apology... When we got back to the hotel we discovered that one of the sandwiches was wrong and they had prepared the coffee incorrectly.   Avoid this location at all costs. Incompetence abound.

This is absolutely without a doubt the worst McDonald's in America! The owner and management should be ashamed. The place is always filthy and very disorganized. Ronald McDonald would turn over in his grave if he were to visit here! Boooooooo!

If you want really bad service with trashy people who don't understand proper English very well this is the place to go.  I couldnt believe the amount of disrespect from a.mistake they made in our 2 minute transaction   Never again.

Had to pick up the misses from a ladies night and of course after a few drinks and lots of dancing she wanted to get some junk food. Unfortunately the place was packed, lots of trash left on the tables and mediocre service. I guess you can't expect much for that price but this is the 3 rd or 4 th subpar experience I've had here so it's about time I give up on the place.

I worked here years back but i will never forget. I asked my manager for singles for my register. He gave me $60. I told him to unlock my register to put the money in. He said We are very busy just put it in your pocket. We were very busy and I forgot about the money until hours later. The incident got me fired. If anyone is wondering why this location sucks this is why. It is a circus and management is a joke.

What type of places charges for water? Not like I just walked in to beg. I wanted a cup of water to go with my buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich was dryer than the napkins. The sandwich itself looks like it was put together by a blind person, the tomato and lettuce was barely on the sandwich. Just another crappy McDonalds.

The amount of incompetence in this McDonald's is TOO DAMN HIGH. The employees here must also be TOO DAMN HIGH. Couldn't get a simple order right. Every other customer was already noticeably exasperated and the entire time I was there, they were having to correct various orders. No friendly smile from the cashier or other employees. I ordered a Spicy McChicken and they took that to mean just a patty and a bun. Even if that is what I wanted, I would've just ordered a regular McChicken plain. Fuck outta here w that shit. They stole my money. Dumb ass employees, straight up. I get that it's McDonald's, but damn. I should still get what I pay for.

Terrible experience. It was 10:52 on a Friday when I entered the drive thru. Employee at the speaker box seemed very unenthusiastic. When I placed my order for a burger she stopped me and said they are only serving breakfast until 11:00. I said breakfast ends at 10:30 during the week and got no reply. I did not want breakfast so voided my order. While waiting for the car in front of me to finish I glanced at the the patron eating in the glass next to my car...and he had two Big Mac's and fries!!! I thought they were only serving breakfast??? Lack of customer service here!

Fast food typically just is what it is, but this particular McDonald's was awful. The service was terrible,  the cashier had an attitude not only with me but pretty much every customer that came through her line in the 15 minutes I waited to get my food (basic big mac & fries, nothing special). She forgot to give me my drink and when I asked her for it she tried to give me the size below what I ordered. When I asked for the right size she practically insisted I take the smaller one. Then when my order was up and I asked for ketchup, she rolled her eyes and acted like I was making her go so far out of her way to reach under the counter. Then, when I went to the fountain to get my drink, there were small bugs flying all around it. Best part was when I got back and ate my food and realized that my fries were cooked in the same fryer the do the fish in. Pretty sure those are supposed to be separate. Threw those out, so ended up not needing the ketchup anyways. Definitely do yourself a favor and go to a different location.

thanks for the military discount - went there, and I support the stores that support me!    not the greatest neighborhood, but standard McD's all day and night.    thanks!

So....I got in and place my order. I order a large quarter pounder value meal to go. After a short wait they give my bag of food and I leave. Here is the problem. I get home, look in the bag and no burger! Not only that but I look at the receipt? And they charge me separately for a large soda when that is already included in the cost of the meal. So, they overcharged me and also shorted me food. As I was already home, I just gave up. Would be a lot of trouble to go all the way back to argue with these people. What's ridiculous is these people think they are worth $15 an hour! With crappie service like this? They aren't worth a dime. Stay clear of this place.

Concur with the other reviewers, the food quality at this McDonalds is probably the worst Ive ever had. Soggy fries, overcooked mcnuggets and the worst part was probably the reheated filet o fish. The filet o fish sandwich was soggy and the cheese shrink to a quarter of the size of the sandwich.   The food was so disgusting, I couldn't even get myself to digest it. The management of this establishment should be ashamed of themselves

Food is good as always. Cool design outside and single golden arches make this a cool spot to hit up after the club or gambling on the strip.

If it was possible to give zero stars I would. I have never had to wait 40 minutes for 'fast' food. There were over 15 orders waiting with me! The cashier was nice, but the manager Christian was horrible! He just came and yelled at everyone including the Customers, then  went back in his office and ate something! The GM could care less when I called to complain. Ended up leaving with somebody else's order! We went to another restaurant in the same strip mall and employees said that it always is that way, the record was 45 minutes for an egg mc muffin and 30 minutes for a coffee! Oh... And did I mention these were McDonald employees from another site who know the time it takes to properly complete an order.

Never again! Came here because I'm staying at the SLS and wanted a quick reasonably priced breakfast. Usually the food at Mc Donald is pretty consistent but this location must be trying to save some money because there was barely any egg on either one of my sandwiches. Super disappointing and unsatisfying.

Giving them five stars because they're basically the only mcdonalds that has their ice cream machine working past 6pm.

I had just arrived and wanted a quick meal before calling it a night after a long travel. So I figured that I couldn't go wrong at McDonald's. I should have read the reviews here and reviewed the pictures. This place is nasty as hell. Food took a long time and then was cold. Ronald McDonald should come here and shut this place down.

First you're cleaning your coffee machines at 730 on a Saturday morning, then I get to work and see my parfait is only 1/2 full. Skip this McDonalds if you want to order breakfast.

This is probably the worst McDonald's ive ever been too. I have given up on contacting their management  as they are franchise and all their supervisors are terrible. They  list their hours as, if they close at midnight but they always close at 1130pm. Stay away if u can the food is always cold

1st to Review-How can this be? A CLASSIC McDonald's @offthestrip at Paradise Rd/Sahara Ave behind the Sahara Casino!  Coolest thing about this location is their collection of McDonald's Happy Meal Toys and the 50's style look & feel.  They have a 50's Chevy out front for taking photos.  Unfortunately the same boring,tasteless food.

I came to this McDonald's late night and Jeff was so nice what a great guy you are lucky to have them on staff if he would quit and come work for me I'd hire him tomorrow I will definitely be back to this McDonald's

If i could give this place no stars I would. Came here a few nights ago to grab something to eat while I waited for my wife to get off work. The sign above the drive thru window says Drive Thru open 24 hours well thats a lie because I waited for 5 minutes for someone to take my order. Only one other person was in line and they drove off, who knows how long they were waiting. Ive worked in fast food joints before and if a customer comes up to the drive thru when its close its common courtesy to let the person know you are closed. I didnt even get that!! Just plain rude and disrespectful. Will never return to this location. Now I completely understand why it only has 1.5 stars. It doesnt even deserve that. What a waste of a McDonalds.  And to top that off, the general manager was given i believe over $15,000 dollars to fix the things that needed to be fixed in that store, but little did anyone know he put all that money into the car that sits in front of the store.. what a pitty!!!

Great fast food. Great service. Friendly employees. What more can you ask for from a McDonalds keep up the great work

The worst. Sloppy, slllloooooowwwwwwww, inaccurate orders almost without fail. Close the doors!!! The south side of Kent needs quality.

2 times i bought breakfast here，first time gave me wrong size of my orange juice，second time gave me susage&egg muffin without egg！！！！！！！So pissed off！！！

Well, finally, a McDonald's that got my order right while going through the drive thru!  Fast, friendly service to boot!  I can't speak for inside the establishment, but the ground were well kept and it was easy to get in and out of drive thru as long as you exit right!

Hands down worst Mcds I've ever been to. I normally love Mcds. They've forgotten several items many times and service is usually slow.

As I slowly make the transition from Stow to Brecksville, I stopped here to buy lunch for  my awesome family members who are helping me gut my new house.    I can easily say that my experience on Nov. 4th was the best customer service I've ever received at a McDonald's in years! I feel bad that I can't recall the name of the cashier or the woman who prepared my food but they were both so incredibly nice!    The service was fast & even though it was lunch, I was in & out of there in less than 5 minutes :)

Wow...Customer service here is almost non-existent. Really, really wish I was kidding! For the second time in two weeks, I went threw the drive thru yesterday morning to get family breakfast. While the order takers were friendly each time, there's a big miscommunication (or maybe no communication) somewhere between the first and second window, or maybe between the two windows and the kitchen. Whatever the case may be, it's pretty awful! The first time I was told to pull around to the curb that my food was not ready and would be a few minutes later. The wait was 9 minutes. Yesterday, I was told the same.. Pull around to the curb, and we'll bring it out in a few minutes. (Keep in mind both times, I only had 2 biscuits...1 sausage biscuit, 1 plain biscuit...pretty much the most simple McDonald's order ever). It appears the car behind me was told the same. Approximately 8 minutes later, an employee comes out to my car with a large bag, You had the order of 12 biscuits, right? No, there were two. The 12 ended up belonging to the car behind me (also waiting on the curb). He says mine will be out in just a few minutes. At this point, I begin counting cars coming out of the drive thru with full orders (like, not being told to wait at the curb). Car count is 12. This is also 12 additional minutes since someone has been out (with the wrong order of course the first time). That's 20 minutes and at least 12 cars later!!! I drove away, with no breakfast in tow. It wasn't even worth my time to go in, complain, and/or ask for my $2 back. What I do know, is that was my very last time through this McDonalds and for now weekend breakfast will be coming from somewhere else.

Customer service is getting WORSE. So many staff, yet they can't stop texting to wait on more than one person at a time . SAD.

Worst McDonalds anywhere! If I could rate them lower than a 0 I would. I went thru the drive thru and my son pulled in behind me. When I got to the window I paid for my son's order. When my son got home I asked him why he didn't at least thank me and he was clueless. Seems the employee (Zack)  took his money as well as mine.  OK so call me dumb because I trusted a McDonalds employee to do the right thing but when I called the manager to report what happened, she said (1) she couldn't look at the video tape of the event and (2) she would count the drive thru drawer to see if the money was missing. Really?  Oh my what kind of manager is that clueless? What good would counting the drawer do if the kid stole the money and put it in his doggone pocket? AND, I have worked with security cameras at 4 different locations and have never not had instant access to the video footage. I don't believe she was telling me the truth. Imagine that? Regardless, I will not return to this McDonalds ever again.

Loaded the McDonald's app and everything was great until I stopped at this location and ordered a mocha and a sandwich that came with free hash browns as the offer on the app. I have also asked to scan the punch card for the drink. Just a punch, not a free drink. They refused to do that because I got free hash browns. What does my drink has to do with it?  The manager came by and was not nice about it so I just left and will never be back. Went to Starbucks next door where they treat me right.   Was in the area and thought I'll give it another try. They took my order for a mocha, then told me they don't have the stuff to make it.

I've been to this location several times and have never had an especially bad experience.  The service is kinda slow, especially in the dining room because the drive through is always busy and they get priority.  There's just not a lot of room to wait around while they are making your order and they are on to taking the next one.  The playground is nice and seems clean but I have no idea how often they clean it.  Overall it's a pretty average McDonald's.

We just purchased meals at Mc Donald's Store # 25114,  $22.43 paid today 3/28/17.  We purchased 2 apple pies, they both were as hard as a rock. My husband checked the date on the boxes and both were dated 2/28/17. My husband called Mc Donald's and spoke to a person named Trey who said he was the Mgr. My husband asked for the District Mgr. phone # and was given an incorrect phone # for Mc Donald's Employment. We are dissatisfied with this location and will not be purchasing any food from them. We just wanted to warn others to check their orders before driving away since they hire employees who don't care about serving fresh food.

This is not the first time I've had terrible service with the McDonald's on baseline and ellsworth.   The night manager who doesn't give out her name is unprofessional, insulting, and doesn't know how to manage her workers. After letting her know that I was charged an incorrect price, she made it difficult for me to get my refund and I eventually left loosing 6 dollars because one of her employees made a mistake that she didn't want to fix.   All of her replies were sarcastic and unwelcoming.   Countless times I have had problems and I am an easy to please person who just wanted a egg mcmuffin.   Whoever the store or district manager is, needs to evaluate the performance of their workers. The attitude was unnecessary and if you look at the reviews and ratings of this location, you can see that they have a reoccurring trend of unpleasant experiences is not only noticed by me but by many local families.

Dive thru has gotten my order wrong a few times. There is one female staff that's always grumpy when taking ur order inside. Definitely not impressed.

Firstly: This review is of the Drive-thru service only.  Secondly, let's clarify this is a freaking McDonalds. Pretty much the Walmart of the food industry in terms of service and quality... mostly.  With that being said I have actually noticed a change in this McDonalds over several months/years, the staff is actually very friendly and the new hires seem to actually care which might I say is very strange/odd and something I am not used to. The quality has improved from even taking an order to paying for it at the first window, the employees actually listen and they say thank you and have a nice day in an actual caring/happy voice (very odd). The manager at the second window seems to be really happy and very friendly about the whole McDonalds drive-thru experience, like they seem to really care.  It's like the employees actually care about working at McDonalds and they like their jobs? It's the strangest thing I have seen coming from a McDonalds... and they deserve some recognition on this here yelp! page about them.   Oh and when it comes down to McDonalds order accuracy they have improved from a staggeringly low 65% success rate on correct order to 90% succes rate on correct order (statistics made up on the spot by myself).  -------------------- Note: The other reviewers sound like those problem people that anyone who has ever worked in retail service has told you about.

DO NOT take your kids to play at this mcdonalds!  I'm embarrassed to even share this story but it needs to be heard.  My toddler was playing at this mcdonalds play place tonight and pooped in it. We cleaned it up right away and told a worker. The staff did absolutely nothing , didn't close down the play place,  sanitize it or anything. I'm totally disgusted and will only be letting my son play at the chick fil a playgrounds from now on. They shut down and clean their equipment immediately after something like this happens.

Just stopped in for a pancakewich for me & my little lady, smoothie for my baby & mocha frappe for me. Quality of food, considering its McDonalds, was good in comparison to other McDonalds. Drive-Thru personnel was friendly. It was a good start to our morning

Hey it's McDonald's come on now they're always there for ya. And the food is what it is. The only reason why this location only gets two stars is because how long it takes until you get your food.

Came here and dined in and the place was clean, although I didn't go into the play area, and it has a cafe type vibe to it with the assortment of eating areas.  Food came out quickly and was as good as I remember.  I only come to McDonald's for breakfast as its the only type of food I enjoy and I have to say it was the same as others.  Gave it more stars just due to the area and free wi-fi

I came here for breakfast in the morning. It wasn't busy so I was served fairly quickly. The staff had their mcdonalds smiles on, which was cute. They all seem pretty happy, but then again, it's just the start of the day!

I don't have high expectation for McDonald's. All I know is I suppose to get acceptable fast food and fast service..........  Walked in wanting to get a treat after having lunch next door and the place was crazily busy. The reason was not because this McDonald's is the coolest place to be, the staff here were just so disorganized and slow...  Our Strawberry Sundae, Soft Serve Cone and Iced Coffee took forever to be ready! Not like those are custom orders or need to be cook!!  Lines just kept getting longer and longer........ I just want my ice cream!!  Sadly my ice cream was meh as the cone tasted stale............ FAIL!!  The only good about this location is the dinner area opens 24 hours! Maybe I will be back  if I am drunk, hungry and desperate........

I'm not really a big McDonald's fan but it is sometimes the cheapest and most familiar choice around for a quick bite to eat. The increase in prices such as previous value menu items makes me buy their food less. I have mixed experiences at this location, depending on the time. Morning seems like a good time for a quick order and lunch time should be avoided because of line ups. Ordering late at night felt slow as well with fewer staff. Sometimes the coffee tasted watered down or somehow different than what I'm used to compared to other locations. I know that it has been revamped but the inside atmosphere usually feels dead and this place looks small although I never dine in anyway at this location.  Recently there was one young employee in particular at this location who enhances the whole McDonald's experience. I could not remember if his name was Andre or something else. If you have the privilege of ordering during his shift, he will definitely brighten up your day and make this location come to life. I was very impressed with his professionalism, charisma and customer service skills. He should definitely be a mentor to other staff.

Great place to visit if you are on the go. Service was quick and the food was delicious. The play place is extremely tiny but suits most people.

This location has been a mccafe for a year or so but the counter has under gone another chance as it does now have the express kiosk machine for ordering. Service is quicker then i noticee in past and it pretty clean.  This is why my rating will go up.

Nothing gets an office more pumped than a large order of McDonald's. We placed a large order here for 50 burgers (25 jr chickens and 25 mcdoubles) with a couple of trays of fries and these guys had our order ready to pick up right on time. They even threw in a free McDonald's apron upon request.

Walked in and it was clean! The staff had the smiles and were very nice.     The food came very fast and was = to the other place and when I worked at McDonald's long time ago!   The person who served me was very helpful in helping me pick my lunch.    Went to lobby after getting my food the first table was not clean and I found a much comfortable sit and was happy!    I would come back if I need a meal or drink and was in the area.

Quick service, friendly service. Swarmed with people most of the time, yet they manage to get everyone through quickly. Different areas for hanging out with friends.  Open 24/7 The go to place.

Manager Chris is lazy. I didn't get something from my order, called back when I got home 5 minutes later, and he said he could not do anything because we did not have a receipt. He could have looked the order up. They just lost a customer for something that would have cost the company nothing because my chicken nuggets were probably sitting in the food to go out tray.

For a McDonald's this place is above standards. I've only been at breakfast hour so that is what my review is based on. The staff is always nice for starters. There is always a line and it moves really quickly. The person taking the drive thru order speaks clearly and politely (Pretty sure it's always been Karen the times I go). The friendliness and positivity from the employees makes such a difference in my opinion. My food order has never been wrong. It's always fresh depending on your views on McDonald's freshness. I hate when my food is hard and thrown together and thrown into the bag which is then thrown at me. This is never the case at this location. I will continue to go here until I feel like my health is deteriorating.

Surprisingly fancy inside and very clean. Went on a weekday morning and all of the staff were welcoming and happy. Great food as well.

Make person taking the order speaks way to fast and when I brought that to the attention of the girl, she ignored me and just old me the amount and out her hand out for my card. This kind of rudeness will always earn you 1 star.

It's hit or miss at this location. Overall, they get the job done and are typically fast. My coffee drink that I order the same is constantly different each day depending on who makes it.  The one down the road I've been going to more often has it down and is a lot more social. Overall, it's convenient but not my favorite location.

My husband gets a soda from here every morning before he goes to work. He ask's for lite ice and it's the only one that fills it to the top. The food is always warm and cooked right. Seems to be the only McDonalds that knows what hot food means. I wish they had a play area for my kids.

Poor poor service. Teens and manager hanging out instead of working. Trash over flowing from drive thru garbage. Store and outside eating area was nasty. Trash everywhere. They forgot about 2 customer orders. It was 11pm...not busy at all.

Probably my favorite Mcdonalds! I've been lucky enough to be served by Jordan multiple times and his customer service skills are awesome. Super friendly and always has a smile on his face. Everything has been awesome and will continue to come to this one over the rest. One request... make the piano play more than 3 songs... They are always the same.

Best McDonald's out there. Friendly, clean and crazy fast. I go to this McDonald's at least three times per week. It's always very very quick. If there are 10 people in  The drive-through line I have no problem waiting because I know I have the food my hands driving off within five minutes. If there's only One or two people ahead of you you will be down the road immediately. The order is always correct as well.

Got our order wrong then proceeded to charge us another .99 cents. The worker could have voided the first order and made a new one but didn't and lied about the price. Never coming back, terrible service. Some manager he is.  Also claimed to given me back change but didn't. So he took $2 from us. Disgusting.

Sitting in the drive thru long enough to write a review. First I waited long enough that by the time I got up to the box to order bfast was over. Since I have ordered I have been waiting.. At the box......  For 9 min!!! If you are not ready to serve lunch then serve what you got! Still have not moved by the way

This place has a piano, and couches. Wow! Too bad the service isn't as awesome. Three trips to the register to get it right.

Normally I do not give poor reviews but this is the third occurrence in as many months.   Tonight, I passed through the drive thru and ordered only to be informed that they were out of their more popular breakfast items. To include, and I quote  the egg mcmiffin, mcgriddles, all biscuits and hot cakes.  I challenged the voice at the other end of the speaker as to how they could possibly be out of all these items. To which the retort was not that they were out but rather that they were closing in 10 minutes and had shut down the breakfast machines.   If you close at 10:50pm, post that as your hours of operation.  Do not lie and then admit that you simply did not want to fulfill the order. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions if you are part of the management or franchise team.   The employee was also rude in the way he answered the questions upon my arrival to the delivery window.   Poor customer service and the quality of the food I did receive made it nearly inedible.  I wish I had kept my receipt to request a refund.

Got the order wrong at the order window. Got the order wrong at the pay window. Got the order wrong at the pickup window. Got home and guess what, got the order wrong. Boy's kid's meal had Valentine's Day cards ... in May

Ok look, I KNOW this is McDs so my expectations aren't high to start with. But today was the last time I'm ever going there. The last 3 times either my food is cold, they mess up the order or the fries are stale. Today they couldn't even make a sundae! I got a cup of milky watery crap with a teaspoon of hot fudge. Tried one bite and threw it out just like my other visits. Go to the one a little North on Val Vista instead.

They got great service but they have slow wifi download rate......down is 1.10 mps and up is 0.60 mps .... That sucks... Lol

I was waiting for my Happy Meal in the drive thru and observed a huge amount of what I thought were crickets crawling in the rocks and on the walls of this McDonalds after a few minutes I realized they were not crickets but cockroaches!  I asked the boy at the window if he knew about them and he assured me that in Arizona everyone had cockroaches and that there were none inside.  I asked him if I could just have my 3.00 back and he would not give it to me. I ended up taking the food and trying to eat it but I couldn't and just threw it away.  I would definitely stay far, far away from this place!

Very simple review...I love sweet tea and drive a lot for work and this is closet McDonald's to me. I can go on for hours about this place but I'll say if you can pass this place for the next McDonald's please do. Service is so bad here I don't even want to list all the reasons...I will say there sweet tea...if they even get that right and not give me regular is always old! Your order will be wrong...I promise

Deserves less than a star.... Ordered an English muffin with ONLY bacon, no cheese no egg as my friend is allergic. Waited in drive through for about 10 minutes and had to go back in because there was both egg and cheese. The employee had no idea what to do so she asked for help from a manager of some sort... Asked her again just bacon, she replies 'do you want egg?' I shook my head and said No and when I get back in the car there was what?! An EGG in it. I have hard hearing and even I could get a damn piece of bread with bacon right. HORRIBLE

I guess we don't f***ing learn.  My wife went here this morning to take advantage of their 2 sausage biscuit with egg McMuffin deal for $3.33.  She ordered 2 of them for $6.66 and it turned out to be a devil's deal.  They charged her for 4 McMuffins and gave her only TWO.  This isn't the first time I've been shorted a McMuffin here, but it is the first time I came TWO SHORT and I'm getting pretty cheesed off.  They always give replacements when you go back and speak to the manager, but how about not having this garbage happen in the first place?  Down to one star.

Quick breakfast before work. I must have been the only customer who did not have screwed up order.  It is strange though that have have to ask for artificial sweetener for coffee. The sugar is there, but the rest are below the counter The high school junior at the front register does not have the temperament to be working in this fast environment with the public. She is easily stupefied. I know, harsh way to say she's bambi in headlights.

I would honestly give them 0 stars but I had to give one to start the review. Do not go to this McDonald's after hours. We sat in the drive thru for 10 minutes waiting for the cashier to come to the window and she never came. We finally drove off only to find her getting out of her car! It was a horrible customer experience.

I like to go here when it's 110 outside and get an ice cream every once and a while but yes during the school year it is pretty crowded with high school students all and all it's a pretty nice place

The drive thru window had quick service and nice servers. The drive though had trash in the lane which needed to be cleaned up.

I work super late nights as a server so McDonald's is usually one of my only options. I usually hate McDonald's but every night there is a girl working I think her name is crystal or something, blonde hair, great customer service. Honestly she should be a supervisor because she's too good to be a regular team member. She always gives me the freshest fries! My boyfriend and I actually started liking McDonald's a little because of this location and their night team! Kudos PM shift! Keep up the good work and thanks for the best fries ever!

Just got done eating from here. Very disappointed I would say check your food before you drive off. Make sure it's actually hot. I don't have many expectations for McDonald's but I at least expect the food to be hot. Got a ten piece chicken nugget meal and the fries and chicken nuggets were stale. I hope they don't do to you what they did to me.

So, on most weekends, I get stuck working late.  Real late.  Most of the time I need to eat before I get home.  That is when I rely on the 24 hour fast food joints.  As much as I try to avoid them, but with my situation, they do come into play.  This McDonalds is no better or worse than any other as far as the food is concerned.  Crap.  At that late, I face the reaper and need to admit this and go into it willingly.  But this one is across the street from my house, easy to get to on my drive home.  Driving through at about 3 in the morning, and having to wait for 12 minutes for the car in front of me, here is the transcript of my ordering experience.  drive thru - Hello, what can I make for you? Me - Do you have the 20 piece mcnuggets for five dollars? drive thru - No sir. Me - Oh, you have a huge promo poster I am looking at that says you do, in front of your store. drive thru - No, sir, it is not 5 dollars, it is $4.99, not 5 dollars. Me - Sure, that sounds good.  I'll have that. drive thru - It is not 5 dollars, it is $4.99. Me - Yeah, that is fine, I'll take one order of those. drive thru - The price is different, you want to order them?  At this point, I have been up for over 21 hours, working 2 jobs for about 16 of those.  I'm doing my best not to lose my shit.  Me - Yes that is fine. drive thru - Sauce? Me - Just ketchup. drive thru - No sauce? Me - Ketchup is fine. drive thru - Something to drink? Me - No thanks. drive thru - No drink? Me - No thanks. drive thru - Fries?  I don't answer, I drive to the window.  I get my food and drive home.  For 20 nuggets, there are 4 packets of ketchup.  No napkins.  The roommate, who we will call Joe, is still up.  I eat 10 nuggets and am done.  I give the rest to said roommate.  Apparently, the second box of nuggets have been sitting out longer than the first box, and he spits one out on the floor after taking a bite.  My dog happily eats the remains.  I'm making sandwiches when I get home from now on.

This McDonald's is bomb as hell. Food was hot and fresh and the staff spoke English fluently.

Security guard has something against teenage skaters.  The majority of whom were Latino and she told them at the top of her lungs go to Taco Bell if you want while pushing them out the door.   She let everyone know exactly what she thought of them too. Shouting, instead of talking to customers or other staff you know skaters hardy har har.   I know they probably did bug her at some point, but my God they are kids, they bug everyone, you just get on with it?  She was unprofessional and let everyone know it, and not to mention racist with a remark like go to Taco Bell if you want to a bunch of Latino teenagers.   I know MacDonald's isn't an outstanding place to eat. But shut up and let me get on with it without listening to you shout at a bunch of bored teenagers.   The food is what it is lol

Correction - wrong location. I was looking for the location at Elliot and McClintock and reviewed this one. Music is still too loud but I am over 60 and I know every song.   Somehow complaining about the food quality at a McDonalds seems disingenuous. It is consistent and filling but not expected to be great cuisine. My issue with this location is the rebuild that now caters to a target market that clearly does not include me anymore. All hard uninviting surfaces and loud music. When I asked if they could just turn the music down the manager said he did not know how???  When you build a place that serves cheap food, has loud music and looks like it was designed by  a skate park builder you should not be surprised when you get skaters and teenagers  to come in.  Staff always seems to be accommodating if not well informed.

Cheap!  Cheap!  Beware!  If you order Chicken McNuggets from this McDonald's they will charge you 10 cents for each sauce packet over the alloted quantity.  Either go to another McDonald's where they don't charge, go to another restaurant that values your business and NOT nickel and dime you to death or don't eat!

If I could give 1/2 star, I would.  Service stinks and they get the order wrong in the drive-through 75% of the time.  When you drive back to get the correct items, they act rudely and put out.  I drive out of my way to go to a different one now.

This is a good McDonald's in the Tempe area.  They have good customer service and never have gotten my order wrong.  This is a place that usually busy with families (in Playland) and small crowds.  There is a highschool nearby, so i would be careful not to go during thier lunch hour if you dont want to run into crowds.  The only drawback I think is having to have a code to go into the bathroom :P.  I seen the code before on the reciept you would get at the register, but I dont see that anymore.

This place is full of annoying high school kids ripping the place apart. The employees hate their jobs and the place is dirty nasty and warm. EAT UP!!!

I go there often. I like the cone. I ask for the ice cream in a cup because they will waste the cone. They said they would charge me double and call it a plain sundae.  Yesterday I got the no cone ice cream just like I have for years. The girl at the drive thru refused to open the window and talk to me. The manager said it is different in the register now and she would explain it to the employee  The employee needs customer service skills.  I left and I won't  go back. I have been going there regularly for a long time.

I got the mocha chocolate chip frape mmmm sooooo good made my day un till i got stuck in the play house lol just kidding

So we went today and we ordered like over $30 worth the food. The guy who took our order was rude as hell! He spoke too softly and when I asked him to repeat himself he did but with an attitude. I'm sorry you have to do your job lazy ass. He didn't even give me our total and snatched the debit card out of my hand and then slammed the window. We complained to the manager and all she said was that's not acceptable. Well then do your job by teaching your employees customer service. If I could give them no stars I would but you have to rank them something so please consider my 1 star a zero. Oh and we ordered large meals and got medium. And they want $15 an hr? How bout you learn how to do your job and some customer service skills first and maybe you can talk about a raise then. Sadly to say I won't be going to this location and neither will my friends that were there with me. I will drive 5miles out of my way to the other location.

Good place to go for cheap food, great location, especially in the Tempe area.  Fast and friendly service.

How hard is it to leave pickles off a burger? Each time I go this location, they never get my order right. I ask for no pickles, no cheese and I get a burger with both? A mistake once in a while I understand, but every single time?

I am giving one star because there is no option for zero stars.  I had dinner from this McDonalds on Friday July 1st and ended up with severe food poisoning.  Because the vomiting was so severe I became dehydrated.  Do NOT visit this location!!

The quality of food at this McDonald's is poor. They need to change their fryer oil more often. When you have dark nuggets and fries, the oil is old. Having worked at a McDonald's when I was younger, it should be part of scheduled routine. The staff is pretty nice though.

Took 23 minutes to get out food. Just for it to be cold and soggy. Sidel should be retrained on his customer service. He laughed at my partner when he asked why the fries were so small in one meal but not the other and goes yeah there's a smaller one than that what? How does that answer the question why we ordered the same thing and got different sized fries. The burger tastes like something is wrong with it and I just read a review that someone got food poisoning just 3 days before. That's promising. This location is horrible.  Truly horrible.

Stopped by on our way to Georgia. My best friend's son knocked over her fries. I went up to replace them. Once the manager heard that hers were knocked down he took care of the small fry I was purchasing. It made her day that someone actually cared. I wish I had gotten his name, but thank you for caring.

The manager is rude, my order is never correct, it really isn't hard to leave ice out of a drink people, the machine does it for you if you ring it up correct! 2 out of 3 times my kids food is wrong. I now avoid this location!

The worst service ever! We went to get lunch since the website said 1030 am for breakfast and at 1045 they said we couldn't order it so we were stuck in the line at McDonald's and couldn't even get out. The kid in the drive through said he just placed an order for lunch so we asked for the manager and he said nope it was an accident. 1st learn to speak English, 2nd you people want $15 an hour?!??? That is the worst bull I have ever heard.

Traveling through Phoenix, we were just looking for a light, quick bite to eat. We pulled up to one of the twin ordering stations. I thought this was a neat concept until I witnessed the not-well-thought-out merging process. The line from the second station was a straight shot to the pick-up window and the line from the first station had to merge into that line. It was a microcosm of Phoenix freeways at a McDonalds, complete with traffic jams and crazy drivers.  The food: My McBurger was dry and tasteless; my wife's chicken McNuggets were petrified and they forgot the ranch dipping sauce, which made her realize that the sauce is the only thing that saves them.   This location is convenient to the freeway, but next time we are passing through I think we'll just keep going.

It is 24+ hours after eating at this location and am still as violently sick as I was this morning, when I woke up by projectile vomiting. Never again. Stay away!!!!

At the drive thru at 10:27 won't serve me lunch and I'm stuck in line what a bunch of a holes!

Probably won't ever visit this location again....just watched a woman in the back making hamburgers pick up her cell phone off the counter where all the food was sitting and proceed to make a call place the phone to her ear then put the phone back on the counter with the food all while wearing gloves and then when done on the phone proceeded to make hamburgers with the same gloves on. I then used the restroom and there was no toilet paper. Needless to say, I walked out without ordering or using the restroom.

I hate two lane drive thru. Unfortunately I live in the area.  Three times now they go out of order and I get stuck waiting for someone to acknowledge my lane.  Once they took two orders at the other lane while I sat waiting.  Poor procedure inside.  Each time no apologies and no offer to compensate even when I asked today. Go elsewhere like In N Out across the street.

I was out of breakfast food. I was craving a sausage biscuit. Stopped in here. The place was clean, including the restroom. Staff was friendly.  The biscuit came out fine.

What can I say it's a McDonalds restaurant.  This one is usually really busy especially on the weekends.  It is always clean & usually moves pretty quickly.  The drive through lady in the afternoon is the best.

Every time I come to this location in the morning the staff is so cheerful and so sweet so kudos to them

Waited forever in line...was instructed to go to the reserved parking for an ice tea????really...asked how long it would be..assured a minute. Well a minute turned to almost 10

You know you love it. Where else can you smile for a dollar? Oh yea, the gentlemen's club. They are similar establishments. Great values.

As far as a McDonald's goes, this place is always pretty quick and efficient!  I come here pretty often for coffee in the mornings.  The lady in the drive-thru knows me and is super friendly!  They are always fast!  I've only had a few instances where there's been a bit too much cream or something in my coffee where it had to be thrown out.  More often it's done perfectly!  And with the new remodel, it looks great!

I adore this McDonald's. The employees rate a 5, especially the morning shift. The food is always hot, always what I ordered, and well put-together. It's still McDonald's food, but when the craving strikes, I'll order from here without hesitation. I can't say that about many fast-food locations.

This is the WORST McDonald's ever!!! There is always a problem. They are either slow or rude at the drive thru. My order is either wrong or not cooked properly. The other day my hash brown was under cooked and today the onions on my steak egg and cheese bagel were burnt. I hate this place. They need to just go out of business. A

Zero stars, this location can only be described as pathetic.  For starters they weren't able to serve a McDouble or Big Mac but had McQuarters available that clearly had been sitting around for a hour.  But honestly by far the worst part was they charged 30 cents each for two cups of tap water.  Literally I have never in my entire life been charged for a cup of tap water at any establishment.  I can't put into words how pathetic and sad and cheap it is to charge for that.  What a completely mismanaged franchise to charge for something like that.  It's flat out disgraceful and whoever runs this franchise should be embarrassed.  You run a pathetic franchise sir, no ifs ands or buts....

This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. The service is extremely slow, the customer service is terrible, and it takes 15-20 minutes to get your food. I hate this because I love close to this McDonald's, but I will drive elsewhere to get better service, and it takes the same amount of time!

Unfortunately this is down the road from where I live and open 24 hours so I have to go here for a cheap meal if nothing else is open. The customer service is dreadful beyond belief.   Multiple times I've gone through drive-thru and told to pull up, the last 2 times it didn't happen but it happened around 4 - 5 times in a row before that.  I ordered a single biscuit at 6 am with one other person in line and had to pull up and wait while they served people behind my car.   One time I ordered a steak egg and cheese bagel and they asked me to pull up, then the manager brought the bagel out and said sorry the cook is new and burned the bagel twice and made me late for work that day because i was waiting for 20 minutes.   The last time they did that was in the afternoon and a jamaican guy wearing a tye-dye bob marley shirt and dreadlocks walked out and handed me my food and said I'm not even paid to do this *** or something similar to similar to that.  My last visit was late in the night and they were having problems yet again and the manager gave me free fries and I was like finally some compensation right? Wrong. The fries were brown burnt old and dried up, like he was probably on his way to throw them in the incinerator but decided to be virtuous and give them away like the saint he was.  The mood inside was generally gloomy and made me uncomfortable as well but on the positive, the gas station isn't bad, the attendants inside were cool guys, they were listening to drake in the middle of the night when I purchased cigarettes and they seemed pretty chill with what they were doing.

Worst customer service ever back in mid-January.  I'm a pretty chill, easy-going dude, but by the end of this visit I wanted to put every McD worker in a Ric Flair figure-four leglock.   Cashier was terrible.  Middle-aged dude looked like he was hating life (no comment here) and didn't greet patrons with anything more than a lazy nod.  He had to have been thinking, What the hell do you want?  A simple Hey, what can I get for you? would have sufficed.  I'm an optimist, but my orange juice was half-empty.  I hemmed and hawed about pointing it out, but did so.  Chick on duty returned with my juice filled with ice.  Really?  You don't think I can tell that its ice and not juice?  Later, chick said that the orange juice was not ready yet.  Might I suggest a solution?  GET IT READY - ICE IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE.  Bacon, Cheese & Egg Biscuit with no bacon, please.  It took them TWENTY minutes, FOUR different McD workers, and THREE breakfast sandwiches to get my friend's order right.  Not that difficult of an order - it doesn't mean a Sausage McMuffin without sausage; it doesn't mean a Bacon, Cheese & Egg Biscuit with egg; and it definitely doesn't mean a Sausage McMuffin without sausage, even the second time around.    During the BCE Biscuit incident, they still never gave me my coffee.  I politely informed the cashier, and the dude tells me he didn't forget it.  Let me guess, coffee beans aren't harvested yet and there wasn't even ice to try and trick me.  He then proceeded to pour me a cup.  What a Mickey Mouse operation.  I will not come to this location again.  dmo out.

Absolutely horrible service! Dont go there if you dont want to wait for 15 minutes or more at any time of the day. Went through the drive through and with only 2 cars in the drive through and still had to wait for 20-minutes!!-then my food was so burnt and hard that it makes you wonder why you waited to begin with!

Ordered two mcdoubles, no mustard and no pickle for dine-in at lunchtime.  One had mustard and pickles.  Returned it and waited for new mcdouble.  It had mustard.  Returned again, recieved another one with mustard and pickle.  Staff clearly appeared to not care.  Usually eat at location on fairview, which is much better and cleaner.

I grew up on McDonalds so they hold a special place in my heart. However, 9 times out of 10, the fries are cold & the burgers are not warm! The fish sandwich is delicious!

This has to be one of the worst Mcdonalds in all of Charlotte. I'm not kidding.   Make you wait a while before even serving you your food if you dine in. Understaffed and care more about drive thru than other customers eating inside.  As for drive thru it's not really better. Always asked to wait when you pull up to the speakerphone and when you finally order and pull up to pay you are stuck waiting 5 minutes for your food at the window.  Do not go here unless you have to. Trust me you'll thank me later.

McDonald's sure isn't doing a good job at this location.  Located on the corner of Park Road and Woodlawn shared with the Pop Shoppe and a gas station, you would think this location would see a lot of customers in turn be well organized and friendly. Definitely not the case. This could be one of the dirtiest McDonald's I have seen with an unfriendly staff to go along with it.   I stopped in for a breakfast sandwich meal, sausage egg and cheese on an English muffin. After waiting over 15 minutes for my meal I discovered the English muffin wasn't even toasted, cold out of the bag, and the cheese wasn't melted. The breakfast sandwich was just thrown together.  In addition, while I waited for my order I filled my drink, ugh! Was of the dirtiest soda dispensers...honestly wasn't even sure I wanted to drink it. And, it is so old that the large cups don't even fit their machine. With that said this is definitely a McDonald's I will not be visiting again..

Rude employees, got order wrong and charged us extra because of their mistakes. It's McDonalds though what do you expect...worst fast food chain would have gone to chick fil a if it was open

Stopped by the McDonalds at Park and Woodlawn today for a cup of coffee. While waiting for it to be poured I noticed a bare-handed employee getting hamburger patties out of the freezer which were then beaten against the grill to break them apart and slapped down one at a time. The cook then adjusted the controls of the grill and salted the patties and grabbed the spatula to flip some beef patties (still bare handed). She then turned to the prep line and began stocking buns into the warmer and then started the whole process all over... bare handed with no gloves or hand washing thoughts at all. Now, I may not be a health inspector but seems like there are a couple of big-red-flag-cross-contamination-events going on there. I asked the person who handed me my coffee if they should be wearing gloves. She nodded discreetly and alerted the all on the line that someone is watching and like wildfire, every person on the line began grabbing for gloves. D and S Powell (franchise owners), you are running a super-tight ship there. Oh and by the way your voice message box for your customer comment line is full. I wonder why?

This McDonalds has a prime spot on Park and Woodlawn. I often go to the gas station here as it is on my way home from work. I have only gone to this location at night. And yes like the other reviews say it is slow. I typically go only for icecream. The service is slow in my opinion for fast food.   I prefer the Wendy's next door who has really upped their customer service and friendliness. Or the Chickfila across the street.   Tonight as I was waiting to order (it was taking a little long) the guy in the car behind me left as I assume it was longer than he wanted to wait.   I hope that they can improve customer service or at least match it like the other competing ones near by.

I have been to this location several times and have been dissatisfied. However, the good experience I had today overshadows the bad experiences. An employee named Kali helped my friend and I in the drive thru and was very helpful in making sure our order was right and that we were satisfied with our service. I wish all McDonald's were friendly like this employee because then I would eat there more often.

This McDonald's is a attached to the Pop Shoppe at Park Rd and Woodlawn.  For being an attachment, it's a decent sized restaurant with lots of tables in pink and blue colors.  The staff is friendly here but parking is interesting due to the gas pumps out front.    The food is consistent with any other McDonald's around the country.  Great fries with lots of salt.  Yum.  The only downside for the java nuts is this store is not equipped with the McCafe coffee machines.  But with other coffee options nearby, I don't think they could compete except for the drive-thru traffic.

Slow service and didn't give my kids any sauce for their nuggets even though we asked for some. They were not very friendly either

The ice cream machine being down is a conspiracy theory. DOWN MY ASS. And they charge for extra sauces

No.  What a disappointment.  Slack help, old food (had to have my Qtr. Pounder remade since the 1st one had sat so long the bun was hard as a brick; the 2nd one had an overcooked burger), dirty floors and walls.  It's obvious to me the owner of this franchise doesn't care.  I think they're more interested in pumping gas than furthering the McDonalds brand.    Make America Great Again?  How 'bout taking some pride in what you do.

Very slow service, also the store was cold with the drive door open. Food wait was 20 mins but at least it was hot, thats why i give it a 1

They're a normal McDonald's. Food quality is the same, the occasional grumpy rushed service is the same. Nothing special, but nothing terrible. 3/5 stars.  The other two local McDonald's have started closing at night recently, but this one stays open.

While I don't expect much service from McD's, this place really annoyed me recently.  We ordered two iced coffees and when we received them, they were as white as milk.  It looked like there was no coffee in them or an over pour of milk. So I asked the cashier nicely and said is it possible to get less milk in these? Her response was that's the way we make them. Sorry, but I've never seen McD's iced coffee that white before.     I don't understand.  What if someone wanted their iced coffee black?  Do you still pour milk in it? Anyways, when we got them back, they were still quite white but I just said whatever at that point. There was absolutely no coffee taste to it.    Maybe the owner/manager here is trying to pull a fast one over on customers or it was just an innocent mistake by the staff, but I'm still annoyed by that's the way we make it comment. It's not like I asked for more. I asked for LESS milk. I could care less if it's not as filled, but I just want the coffee and milk ratio to be adequate.    Never dropping by this McD's again. Terrible.

Same mediocre service, same rude teen workers with same food quality. Going in the mornings are better than the night ones because the older workers got better customer service

This is the worst place to eat,, workers don't wear hair nets, no gloves, very dirty, seen with my own eyes, a young lady making a smoothie some fell on her hand and she just tossed it in the cup,,,, Never ever in life eating at this McDonald's, I ask manager what was the health inspection grade and it was an A on the wall which is terrible, Attention Health department please reconsider the false A..  Star just to post..!

Shake machine is always down. Managers are rude and food is never fresh and hot. If they want to sell their prom which is the shamrock shake they need to get it together.

Just another Mconalds, However, inside the store is pretty updated. If I were going to eat at one of the McDonalds, this would be one of them.

This McDonald's, although updated, often will get big orders wrong. I have ordered things as simple as 2 double quarter pounder with cheese from the drive thru and when I drive off, it will be 1 double and 1 single, both in the double boxes. The food is often served warm, never hot for some reason. Many of the behind the counter staff have attitudes,like they are not interested in helping you. What else are they there for? I have been here several times, simply because it is near my house, but I will be going to the one on Albemarle Rd from now on.

Although my order is usually correct and tastes fine, I almost never leave without having had at least one problem. They are always out of what I am trying to order, such as apple pies, iced coffee, and ice cream. It is a huge inconvenience to drive here for something specific to be told no. Also, I haven't had many great experiences with the staff here. Often I will be yelled at through the intercom for not understanding something, or I'll get the silent treatment and death stare at the window. I like to stop by this location for a quick, cheap meal, but I'm not usually impressed when I leave.

What can you say, its a McDonalds. The cliental at this location is sketchy at best. Can't drown out the pure awesomeness by watching the tele because some guy has his home computer set up in the corner & needs both outlets even though he brought his own extension cord with multiple plug-ins. Lots of not so clean people with some health or drug issues rolling around looking ever so pleasant while asking to bum this or that. Not really sure if I'll get or want back what they are asking for (besides the $$$) so I think its best to not entertain their needs.....Surprisingly, my order came out right but my employees didn't. Its like playing taste bud Russian roulette. Your sure happy when you didn't get the bullet! I did however, see a shirt on a guy inline that made my day so I posted it on FB so everyone else can enjoy. Good Times!!

At this location they say that they are only accepting cash at certain times ok so, I go to my house to get my handy dandy cash and next thing you know it by the time I get back in 5 minutes they're accepting any payments. And this isn't my first in counter either so be very much upset when they pull it off on you. Quality of freshness on food is decent.

This place is always cash only! Every time i come here... Cash only... We are cash only... Give me a break! Every where else you can pay debit/credit... Dont tell me it is because you are switching out your drawer... Its a credit card!!!!!!! I swear EVERY time i go here its CASH only!!!! Thats some shady business right there!! I keep going to burger king across the street no problem.... Come on guys!!

Bacon, egg, & cheese mcgriddle??? Hmmmm... interesting. Just saw this since I ended up saving this and warmed it up, seemed small when I picked up the wrapper, took a bite, realized no egg or cheese wtf... why would anyone wants just bacon?? My boyfriend said the drive thru people were rude as well. Picture posted separate.

My burger was almost cold and my shamrock hot chocolate. Made me wait forever for my hot chocolate which came out warm

Worst attitudes. Gets orders wrong. Simple orders too. Like I want a large Coke. NAHHH BRUH you get a diet cherry Coke.   Bruh.

Great service at the drive-thru.  Could be a bit cleaner on the inside.

Horrible customer service, They ALWAYS take 10+ mins on ANY order. Today I got 2 large ice coffees and I waited exactly 17 mins for it. Not to mention I was at the order board and wait 5 mins and a car pulled up beside me and they took his order first and then told me to wait EVEN LONGER. This isn't just a 1 time thing, This happens every time.

Cooperate office needs to see this.this location needs help. We are locals and it doesn't matter what time of day You try to get something to eat or drink here it always takes forever and the fries are always cold or too salty. If you go through the drive through it takes 20 mins or more you are stuck in line due to Barriers.

This place is not very consistent.  They change the hours of the ice cream machine all the time so $1 sundaes are a 50/50 shot.  If you order fries in the drive thru, it could take up to 5 minutes if they ran out.  They always look busy.  I don't think they are that busy, just unprepared and going by their own standards.   I'll skip this one as much as I can from now on.

I know... It's horrible that I feed my child these greasy, non-nutritional meals but you know what, there are days that I'm desperate. Call me a bad mom... Go ahead, I dare you!   Anyway, sometimes it needs to be done. In any case, I don't have any problems whenever I come to this one. I go through the drive-thru, pay, pick up my order and roll out. My stuff is always in the bag and I've got a happy kid.

I had a chicken sandwich Saturday night 3/2//13 at about 10:40pm and I was super sick all night and the past 2 days! Please do not eat at this location.

They only accept cash? Since when? Food was cold. Its Mc Donald's I guess that's expected? Oh and the cashier can't count. She short changed me. I think I'll call corporate. Worst Mc Donald's ever.

The last three times I've had food from this place I've had to return it. The manager was helpful, but if every time I come there I have to return the food because they incorrectly made the order I'll quit coming. The first two times was because they didn't make the order correct. This last time, I went through the drive through and ordered the buttermilk chicken sandwich. When I got home to eat with my family, I opened the sandwich to find that they have me dried up children that was cold and not only that, the chicken was in the pieces like it was meant for the chicken wrap or some sort of salad. The manager did replace and apologize for the sandwich but honestly it shouldn't have happened in the first place. By the time I got back home, the fries I had from the first trip was stone cold. It's a shame that I spent nearly twenty dollars for my our meal and the food is basically leftovers that I would feed my dog.

Worst McDonald in las vegas.  Can't get my order right when I repeated myself 4 times.   Then when I get my food that I asked for with no onions.  The only think on the burger was onions. No customer service.  No apologies.  Just unacceptable. I would advise anyone to eat taco bell instead .

I'm shock by the reviews.. My first time here girl was very nice and friendly. Me and my husband stop by to get a bit. And they even brought our food to the table.. Maybe there a working progress but I know we got good service.

LAZY LAZY LAZY EMPLOYEES, doesn't matter what time I come thru the drive thru to eat, it's your job to provide service. Simply said that the system is down it will be 30-40 mins when I clearly saw you ring someone else up

I dont even think it deserved a star in the first place. Went just seconds ago and while i was ordering the girl was making jokes and laughing, i had to leave and go to taco bell.. Right next to this awful mcdonalds. She didnt even care when i asked her to take my order. She just ignored me the whole time.   What a shitty customer service

The manager has an attitude.  They got our order wrong.  You can do better, McDonald's.

Paige is an awesome employee! She is able to multi-task always with a smile! How refreshing for fast food!

Damn this mc Donald sucks. Everytime I come it's freaking slow. Busy or not the service is so slow. If I can give it negative star I would.its the convenient that's why I come here. They need to speed up.

I have been in this drive thru line for the last 20 minutes. It is a Saturday night and there should be more help. I haven't even ordered.  Note to self, doing come to this Mc Donald's if your thirsty out hungry.  Not happy.. So I still sit here. . This is just ridiculous. I will not ever come here again.

This is a low for Mickie d's my hamburger looked like it sat all day dry as the bun and meat, milkshake not even stirred  all the chocolate at bottom. It gets worse every time I go. For the money  I rather go to BK,s better and fresh not dry .If all Mc Donalds are this way no wonder they are falling.

Lazy. Rude. Inefficient. Toyless kids meals... I could go on but I will just cut to the chase and say DO NOT GO HERE. Unless you want to deal with people that hate their jobs.. McDonald's is suppose to be bad, right?

Why is it when your Order is wrong they Act surprised like this has never happen before. Do yourself a walk in.

My wife and I overheard an employee talking to a dissatisfied customer on the phone and the employee answered Haven't you ever made a mistake  She slammed the phone down and commenced to talk so loud everyone could hear her talking loud to her coworkers about it. Very unprofessional and shouldn't there have been an offer to the customer to make them happy about coming back? Also, always long waits at this McDonalds compared to others around town we visit.

This is probably the worst mcdonalds ever. Two weeks in a row i was charged for an item that was never put in the bag. In the first instance the barbecue sauce was in the bag but the mcnuggets were not there. I returned a week later and mentiontioned this and was given an order of mcnuggets for free which was nice but when i got home found only one quarter pounder in the bag when i had paid for two. I do not know if this is just remarkable incompetence or a store policy to increase profits. In any case i will not be returning any time soon.

This McDonalds is absolutely disgusting. Went there this morning and noticed my cup holder was covered in trash juice and stunk so bad. Got home and my sandwich not only looked like they plucked it out of the trash but there was a black hair in it. Called them to complain and the idiot on the other end of the phone couldn't comprehend what I was saying. She asked me if my cup had boo boo on it. What the heck is boo boo?! I finally hung up...and these people want $15 hour.

4 stars for the playground Has the baby slide for crawlers. Spiral staircase that coordinated 2 yr olds can climb. And room for the bigger kids too.  Also good searing to watch the kiddos. Very loud though.

Terrible customer service. Crew is made of a bunch of kids and everyone including who seemed to be the manager on duty was horsing around behind the counter. Throwing trash around hoping that it lands in the trash but sometimes didn't. My family and I sat there for 30 minutes and became more and more disgusted with the franchise each minute. Lack of leadership!

Coffee in this place is always cold. I've let them know so many times but again today coffee was cold. I'm going to change where I get my food and coffee from now on.  I've heard the owner for this place is from California, he may need to come here once in awhile and check on his investment and service.

They always get our order wrong. The fries are always soggy and nasty. Also, they close the window while you are checking the bag and never return. They forgot my ice cream this time and I had to honk and wait several minutes for them to come back without even an apology

Food is good, generally fresh and staff is always pleasant.  However, recently I have had two issues with my order being inaccurate when I ordered through the drive thru.  They seem to try to rush you through without verifying the order.  Overall the place is not bad.  But double check your order before you pull away.  Unfortunately customers have to do the staff's job.

This is a typical McDonald's.  There was no wait at the drive thru which was nice.  They got our order right which is always a bonus.  Any soft drink is $1 so you might as well get the large.  At the McDonald's at home drinks are only $1 on the weekends.  All other days they are regular price.  Fries were good which is important.  McDonald's makes the best fries in my opinion so I'm always bummed if I get a bad batch (soggy, not salted, too salty).

Hard to rate a McDonald's well.  I go through the drive thru most mornings for coffee and will eat lunch there from time to time.  Drive thru service is always great and restaurant is always clean.  They hire and retain good help.

This is probably the best run McD's I have ever been in. Service is fast, friendly and the food is always great (for McD's). It is a high quality restaurant and should be a flagship for their brand.

Most McDonalds are the same, so it's hard to write a review. I have always had a great experience at this location...I would tie it with the McDs on Odana Road as the best location in the area. Good service, fast drive-through, and never had an issue with my order. It is also 50s diner themed.

This might be the best run McDonalds in the Madison area. The drive-through runs incredibly fast! Plus, it's a throw back McDonalds with a displayed old milkshake machine that triggered Ray Kroc's involvement in the company, and resulted in him bringing in a franchise model that facilitated the restaurant's world-wide domination. However, who checks for a McDonalds rating?

I can't believe I am writing a review for a McDonalds, but we recently drove through here the other day for a diet coke......as others have said, they are fast.  It a 50's style retro McD's but the customer service is excellent, and the drive through was wicked fast.

This is the greatest McDonald's ever. I love it so much. Whenever I'm visiting 'Sconsin, I'm going to stop at this McD. =)

It's a McDonalds.  Bit of a 50's theme.  Always use the bathroom and it's always clean.  Decent service.

Food was good, however some lady who works there (drive threw) condescended me so that was annoying.

I frequent the McDonald's as I live on Greenway Blvd. The service is an example of what every McDonald's should be like. Efficient, competitively price, fresh. They always provide me with an accurate order.

I honestly don't really love McDonald's but I do like their breakfast.  This McDonald's tops all of other McDonald's I've ever been to for service and happy employees!

A great place for some food.yes most of its not helthy but its good.Its not to pricey and you have a big selection to choose from on the menu.This isnt far off from princess street,so great after some shopping.The staff were kind and approachable.

Had problems with this mcdonalds before, one was when my strawberry milkshake was not made properly and it was very strong, so I took it back. They tried to say it was fine when it clearly wasnt but took it back anyway. Then next time me and a couple of friends went to get a mccdonalds and my friend ordered a chicken burger. It was rock solid, clearly had been from the day before or just not cooked correctly, however she never ate it and wasted about £4 on nothing. To be honest though, most of the time the food is nice and enjoyable and would recomend going 3/5

It's McDonald's. In terms of the food, you know what you're going to get. This particular branch is fine. Unfortunately, it attracts a lot of loud, drunk people on Saturday nights, which I guess is to be expected, but is also typically the only time I go. Food is good. I usually ask for my burger without one ingredient, to make it more likely I'll get a fresh one. Staff are quite efficient, and I'm always in and out with little time wasted. It's greasy and unhealthy, but also cheap and cheerful. As Yelp says, this McDonald's is A-OK!

I am going to put my hand up and say I like McDonalds. As much as people claim to hate it, it gets the job done and it's made a pretty good go at doing so.   Recently refurbished, this McDonalds if a-ok.   But! What gets my goat about McDonalds is that at 2am on a Friday/Saturday night they entice you in by being the only food outlet open for miles. Well, what feels like miles when your drunk and feet hurt. So you go in and drunkenly order a pile of munch, then realise that when they are open late they bump the prices up by a fair whack. The cost of your post night out munch ends up costing more than your night out did in the first place!  Props for being open late over the weekend though.

all i can say is your always standing for ages its packed tables no cleared at all . will clear if your standing for 5 mins at the bloodie table . would not recamend if you have children !!!

Greasy, incompetent staff? Yes.  Greasy incompetent food, that is nevertheless strangely addictive? Yes  Noisy, loud and full of 14 year old glue sniffers? Yes  It annoys me how people lie when they say they hate McDonalds and would never eat there. They do. Everyone does, and everyone secretly loves it. They're not the biggest fast food company in the world just by chance.

Food is as expected. The service is okay. My food is almost always hot and fresh.  The washrooms here have taken a decline in cleanliness in the last few weeks. There are flies everywhere and the washroom smells disgusting.  They're not cleaning and there's a fly infestation.

There isn't much to say. The menu is reliable, tasty and fast. However, now with the build your Angus Burger and the order board (see pic), things have slowed down considerably and the convenience aspect has gone out the window.  At least they were decent enough to apologise for the delay ***** I have to add, that was a tasty burger and worth the wait!! Nice to have choice.

It happened! It happened! The dreaded/desired McDick's has opened at the corner of Ossington and Bloor.   I'm currently on a Big Mac high and am thrilled to have it on my block, though I'm fairly certain if you ask me in 30 minutes I will be pissed about its existence... until tomorrow morning when I realllllly want to go in for a hash brown. Or a McGriddle.   They have free wifi, are open 24 hours and the seating is pretty swank for a McDonald's. I should know, I have sadly been to a lot. One time I even had McDo in Versailles.   PEPPER POINTS for their Grand Opening coupons. You got me! You got me good.   PEPPER PLEADS: It's tasty. It's consistent. But please don't let it keep you from supporting the great local greasy spoons on the block, because we all know it isn't as good as those treasures.

Yeah, this is a pretty fancy McDonald's as far as McDonald's go.

Good location. Reasonably clean. 2 cashiers and 4 screens to order from make it pretty quick. Wait isn't too long and food and coffee were exactly what I expected. Yay!  A lot of different seating: stools, booths and regular tables. Washrooms were small. Interesting clientele.

I feel compelled to review this particular location because when I ordered a salad, the I had a ~15 minute wait because the staff seemed confused at the procedure hahaha. But nonetheless, this location is like what Kent said, a pretty fancy McDonald's, as far as McDonald's go. Would usually give a McDonald 3 stars, but it's very well renovated and the staff were polite. +1 star.

This is a great location, nice facility, even the staff behind cashier was doing good job taking the orders, but the mess around the place was just unbelievable. Management worries about taking all the orders, but absolutely don't care about the mess.  No complains about the food - standard. Good for late nights when everything is closed. But only for take away recommended. I appreciate that they provide shelter for all the homeless people i the area the whole day, but some customers might not be so happy about that.

It's McDonalds, what else do you want to hear from me?  Oh yeah, this place has a face-to-face drive thru.  You don't speak to some crappy little speaker but to an actual person when you place your drive thru order.

Can't really complain. I get my food on time nice and hot. Customer service inside and through the drive through have always been friendly. They forgot one of my sandwiches once but for the many times I have been here that is not too bad at all.   The inside could be a bit more cleaned up sometimes but nothing horrible. Also, it could have more seating available but it is what it is.

I am completely furious !!! I go to this place all freaking time because we live really close so tonight my kids (4 kids) decide they want McDonalds so i am like, yea lets go, got to the drive thru, no one was at the first order window so i went to the second one, saw the lady i ask her, should i go back to first windo to order? She says oh no she is here, hold on.. so i give her my order and i told her i like to make it fresh and i dont mind waiting thank u, i was being very polite, she goes oh sure!! She even put special request on my recipt, i went to pick up window within 3 mins my food was ready.. mind u i ordered two spicy chicken sandwich, three fries, 20 piece nugget four apple pies all frsh and it came out in three mins!!! I ask her r u sure they r frsh, she told me oh yea!! We cooked them while u made the order..... i took her word, i went home i live about two miles, got home..  but i had to go someplace quick then came home kids told me and show me the fry was stale and chicken was dry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WTF!!!  I ALMOST WANT TO CALL THEM BUT I CNT CUS ALL MY KIDS WAS HUNGRY THEY CAN FINISH CUS ITS NASTY!!! VERY DISAPPOINTED!! I DONT THINK ILL GO BACK AGAIN!!!

I usually come here after 12am and I can't complaint about the service, I always get it on time and the people working are always friendly and polite. Also, if you ever have problems with any item they'll rapidly replace it for you. The only thing I hate is not being able to eat anything other than breakfast after 4am, that makes me drive to Jack in the box. In other countries, even during breakfast hours you can still order other regular hours menu items..

Love their Mccafe latte's and iced coffee's when it's  hot. I started using the McDonald's app for frequent purchases and deals. It's great. I just have to make sure I have the app open and ready or I feel like I am holding up the line.

Whoever was working the three pick-up windows on 1/26 12:50pm Thursday (two males and a female) needs to be recognized for their service today. I'm terrible with names, but these three were extremely pleasant to deal with and talk to. Several greetings and pleasantries exchanged with each one and they even changed my order around into meals because I was ordering a bunch of stuff without looking.  First time I've ever had such a pleasant experience at a fast food place ever.

Good service, food orders are always spot-on, and it's quick to boot.  For McDonald's, that seems to be extraordinary!  But seriously, their Drive-Thru is 24/7 and since it's down the street from my house that's fabulous if I come home in the wee hours.  Or, if I need to grab a quick bite before I drink spirits.  ;)  There's one guy there that's always extra-friendly and actually checks my ID -- on the back of my card it says See ID.  A+ to you, dude.  P.S. Fries have always been crazy fresh (and we all know that's the best thing about McD's!)

The food tends to be as good or better than the average McDonalds.  That's the good part. The bad part is they don't seem to like McDonalds coupons there.   I brought one in that said buy one sandwich get one free.  But they said it didn't apply to breakfast sandwiches.  Sounds like BS to me....

I don't understand why an intelligent human being would go to this place and consume the stuff that this place sells. It is of less quality than the stuff they feed inmates at that tent prison in Arizona...literally. What McDonalds does is take some low quality beef, add soy and other mixtures for filler, and then flavor it with addictive chemical flavorings that they make in a lab. Look into it if you don't believe me.   I cringe when my kids want to go there. It's so foul and not to mention freaking expensive. It's totally unbelievable to me that people eat there!

Another rippoff but then what are the options for breakfast at 4am. As much as they charge for a Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit and 1 lityle 2-inch piece of Bacon. REALLY? This place sucks and I should have stsyed away.  Make sure to count your change too!

Went to drive thru never asked me if i need sugar or cream for coffee or krtchup or hot sauce for the burrito then had a attitude when i asked for it!

Horrible nasty old food. Will be calling Corp Monday morning. Do not come to this McDonald's

Fast and friendly service. One great tip is going inside when there are a lot of cars waiting in drive through. It is a lot faster. They are good at what they do and the food does not taste old or as if it has been sitting around

McFries from McDonald's generally taste great, but this time :  Soggy, Cold, No Flavor, and pod was missing a scoop of fries. What happen to savory and crispy?

3 cars went through the drive through as we waited, told to go back through again to order 2 mcflurries. Fries we're cold, no sauces added or asked. Server has no clue if meat was dark or white meat chicken. Sign posted out of coffee, but menu states it is 100% accurate as server tells us no biscuits only mcriddles. Horrible and I love McDonald's . Now we're nervous our food has been contaminated

If I could give this location no stars at all, I wouldn't hesitate to do so. I visited this McDonalds this morning around 10:25, hungering for a sausage McMuffin. Much to my disappointment, the employee at the front counter told me that the manager had decided to end breakfast early (35 minutes early, exactly) and they could no longer serve any breakfast items. Several other customers expressed confusion and disappointment at this abrupt news, and I saw at least two or three other families leave. However, I was on my way to work and hungry, so I ordered a cheeseburger. I waited for this single item for almost 10 minutes, during which I saw SEVERAL drive-through customers being served pancakes, McMuffins, and other breakfast foods! All of the employees were rude and unfriendly and didn't seem concerned that their customers were upset about the breakfast time change. I definitely will not be returning to this location again.

I go here so much that I'm starting to never want to go again. It's the closest and cheapest food place to my house.  It's cheap which I love and it's pretty good. It's McDonald's nothing special. Just cheap decent food when I need it. It's really fast too.

While outside it is advertised as a 24 hour drive thru, I waited 15 minutes with no service.

This is my first negative review but this really pissed me off. Worst service ever. This lady was talking, eating, and drinking at the drive through window, knowing there are customers waiting. She literally made eye contact with us and did NOTHING.

Renovating this McDonalds so it's now getting to modern McDonald's code. This definitely expedites the drive through-- where despite the previous face to face ordering which was nice-- the logistics of this system of two ordering menus makes more sense. Anyhow, service is quick and friendlier than other McDs. Convenient and food is to be expected.  Check out their construction deals!

Super slow service. Everyone is walking around in the kitchen very confused about what they are suppose to be doing.

This is the closest one to my work and I went there on my break just to get a happy meal for a child whose parents forget to pack a lunch for them (I work at a preschool). They recently renovated and one of the changes they made was a two-lane drive through. When I went there they had about 4 cars waiting to order, 2 in each lane. So I went inside thinking it would be quicker since the parking lot was pretty empty. I get in and there's two people ahead of me. It was a few minutes in line until I ordered, but from the time I received my receipt to the time I got my order, it was well over 10minutes. They had several employees behind the counter and even a couple mangers or supervisors doing their rounds of inspection. After a few minutes waiting by the pick up counter, one asked if I had been helped and I replied yes I'm just waiting for my order. I feel like I should have just waited in drive thru cause I don't think I've ever had to wait over 10min in drive thru for an order.. especially considering it's a fast-food place.

Another national chain spot that has no reviews. And with good reason. It's pretty pointless to review a McDonald's. That is, unless you want the FTR!  McDonald's to me is good for one thing--their dollar menu. I'm a sucker for the $1 McDouble and maybe some fries. On road trips, the $1 one-price-fits-all-sizes fountain drink is priceless. Unfortunately, not all McDonald's locations stick to this pricing structure, but this location certainly does.  I've never actually been inside, but their drive-thru has the nice face-to-face three-window system. I'm not sure you need that third window just for ordering, but whatever. It works.

All I can say is this is the only McDonalds that charges you $1.20 for substituting sausage for bacon on the Big Breakfast. All they give you is one and a half slices!!

I travel around northeast Ohio for my work but live near the Grafton Mcdonalds.  So, I can only say that this is the worst small town mcdonalds in my experience.  There are some worse when you get into the inner-city of Cleveland,  but this is the worst of the suburbs or small towns.   I've ordered coffee here at 615 am  ( they open at 6) and received cold coffee. ....how does that even happen?  I've been foolish enough to not check my order until I am on the highway only to find time after time that something is wrong or my coffee is cold.   I've opted to take advantage of the promotion of buy a muffin for 1.49 and add a medium coffee for a dollar more and on two separate occasions been asked for 2.99. Then when I point out that it should only be 2.49 according to the promotion,  they have to get a manager to get my 50 cents and treat me like I'm being difficult.   Do most people not even notice?  I repeat,  this happened on two different occasions.   Tonight I went through and the cashier tried to give me the incorrect change and after I politely pointed out her mistake,  she never apologized....come to think of it she never used any words such as please  or thank you .    Even though it will suck to have to wait until I get to the next closest mcdonalds,  I have had it with my hometown one....I'm done!

Probably one of the slowest McDonald's I've ever been to.  Food was fine, but counter only has 2 registers with only 1 open at lunch time.  Frustrating.

Even though this is a McDonald's and already held to an extremely low standard. This one is pretty terrible. The food always seems to be cold and the service sucks.

We go here very often cause we work near by. We always send a food runner to pick up food for about 6 of us since we work the night shift. It might just be their night shift but they are always forgetting for peoples food. ALWAYS!

The food is McDonalds quality, you either like it or you don't, but I like that they are fast & hire very nice young people (OMG! Only old people say that, so I must be getting up there, lol). I'm giving them 4 stars because it's always a pleasant experience to go through their drive through :)   I do have to add that their speaker was on the fritz & I did let them know. Still, it's not like I wasn't going to drive another few feet & talk to someone in person. At 5 am when I'm prepping for my long drive East, this is really not a big deal, lol.   I've been inside & it could probably use a remodeling, but it is what it is!

It is close to home, I love going during the week because the food and service. The service on the weekends is very slow. One night my husband and I went and it was not yet closing hours and as we drove up to the drive in they shut off the lights at the drive in and at the windows. They mix up our orders a WHOLE lot and it seems like we cannot get quality fries they are either old or cold.

One of the worst McDonald's , seems like service is always worse at night ! Always getting orders mixed up and have been given someone else's order as well .

It's McDonalds need I say more. Inside is small but the service has always been great.  Don't ask for a Moca in the morning something is always wrong with the machine.  That seems to be the norm. Everything else is great!

This is literally THE worst mcdonalds I have ever been to. The food quality is terrible and the customer service isn't any better. We come thru often because we live very close by and 5 out of 5 times there has been some type of issue. Whether it be cold food, the wrong food, or food cooked in old oil. You just can't win here! We have driven back to mcdonalds to get new food made once because the quality was so bad and the manager saw us walk in and she went to the back and made a crew member deal with it. A store shouldn't be ran this way.

It's almost the worst McDonalds I've ever been to. It's like they don't listen when you tell them your order. You have to repeat what you want at least 3 times. Then your order is completely wrong anyways. Fries usually have WAY too much salt on them and/or are old. Do not go here. It's not worth the frustrations.

As our food was being prepared another customer was eating our fries. When the cashier was told about it, the reply was he didn't know. Is it ok to eat other peoples food off of their trays and make excuses for it? Very disappointed.

A company wide review is my intention as I write this to convey my udder disatisfaction and dismay at what I , personally think may be the biggest mistake the mcDonalds Corp could reasonably make. The removal, or should I say the replacment of  the non soda Orange Hi-C  drink with yet another mediocre Fanta orange soda . Needless to say we don't need another soda choice here in america. I personally have countless childhood memories and feelgood moments that include Hi-C , and McDonald's by association is part of that. And Hello,! Did mcdonalds ask us? Their customers, OUR preference? Nope. Not even a warning. It's just gone. ..another corporate handshake deal with Coke I imagine. Well guess what, I have zero respect for that backroom decision makeing  behavior, and in this day and age of choices on top of choices (cause let's get real, your burgers are ok, not the best and certainly not unique...you know what WAS unique at Mc donalds? ..yup, it was the only place to get the orange Hi-C and that contributed to my chooseing mcdonalds time after time. To some , insignificant ..to me, it was a  difinitive decision maker. So I guess all that's left to say is this.  bad move clown cause the other  clown in the box that sells mediocre burgers...just added limeade to their menu and in doing so....just got my business. Sincerely , a dissappointed , and thirsty fat kid

I like this location as its big and has enough seating to chill and relax. the place has a good fast wifi service and has the necessary plug ins here and there for laptops.   The servers are friendly and want you business. Parking is not a problem as its part of a plaza.

Okay place to eat. The food is what you'd expect from Mcds nothing special or extraordinary here. Service is okay but dog slow so if you're in a rush don't expect fast food.

This the worst McDonald's I ever visited, we even witnessed a rat (mouse) at the mens washroom, definitely a result of the low hygiene levels and dirty floor in the restaurant, beside the AC was colder than the outdoor shill/wind

Good customer service and decent price but food tastes mediocre. I guess if your a child with cheap taste you will enjoy the food a lot. I think everything on their menu is either too expensive, too small in portion size or too extreme in taste but their salads and chicken snack wraps are amazing! I recently discovered you get free refills there and can substitute fries for salad on your meal deals free of charge! Great place for cheap study nights.

I'm not a big fan of MC, but always come here for my coffee while heading to work. This won't be the biggest McDonald's you'll see (rather small) but I find the staff here extremely nice and will offer you one of the greatest customer service you can have. They always get my orders right and seem to always be in an good mood. Well done MC.

I'm definitly lovin it. If I just happen to be in the area, (which I am mostly) good for something quick and efficient.

Good place to go after your shopping in princess street.Has a good selection of food on the menu to chose from.Its not to pricey either.The staff were polite.

Ah McDonalds, you old dog (which is probably what you put in your burgers), we had some good times eh? To think I actually used to get excited about a McDonalds all those years ago.  This is actually a branch of McDonalds I used to still visit a few years ago when my family visited Edinburgh. Other than the decor, not much has changed.  This is possibly Edinburgh's premier McDonalds. Situated on Princes St, it boasts two large floors. Apart from water saving toilets (ironic for a company known for its destructive environment policy) and free wi-fi there isn't anything special about this McDonalds. It's dressed in that new McDonalds style, with natural organic colours, combined with tidy leather, to give an impression of both health and sophistication (the latter a la Starbucks). This hip new feel seems to be the result of the heavy criticism the corporation received at the beginning of the 2000s on health and ethical grounds, and its increasing reputation by the middle classes as somewhere they wouldn't want to be seen dead in, which was unfortunately one of the potential side effects of eating there too much. All this culminated in the well known documentary Super Size Me which documents a McDonalds lifestyles drastic effects on the film maker's physical and psychological well-being, and discovers the company's corporate influence, including its encouragement of poor nutrition for its own profit.  Like all McDonalds, come to the Princes St branch knowing what you're going to get. If you want cheap, convenient slop, flavoured with salt and sugar to hook your primeval taste buds, then so be it. But don't expect a nutritional meal, or fine cuisine. After all this is the place where a Cesar salad contains more fat than a burger.  I looked into this branch because, I'll admit, I was curious. But I really have no desire to eat here. I last ate a McDonalds when I was stuck overnight in a German train station and there was literally nothing else to eat. But with knowledge of McDonald's track record of opposing unions; their contribution to the industry which causes more carbon emissions than the entire transport industry (as the world's largest user of intensively farmed beef); and their repeated threat of legal action against critics, means I am a more than just put off by their soggy chips.  I also find it unfortunate that our capital city's main shopping street, is now totally overpopulated by chain stores, with an ever dwindling number of local, traditional and independent shops that can not possibly compete.

I am not too keen on Mc Donald's food, But Me, my partner and our 4 month old daughter went there to get a quick bite because him and I were starving.    Anyway the food was warm not hot, we had to stand and eat our food as the priority seating for parents with children or old people was full (mostly young teenagers and couples)    wont ever go again, Burger King is a lot better

Big restaurant with sitting area on two floors. There is a lot of space to sit dont, but it may be busy at times. During the busy periods you might wait for your food quite a bit as the service isnt the fastest. The staff working there is rather friendly. The food isnt always to highest quality.

Meh.  If you are eating at McDonalds, you have given up a little bit on life.   Bring a sandwich from home.  Try something new.  Don't eat highly processed food when there are plenty of alternatives.

Standard McDonald's mit sehr vielen Sitzplätzen und Bahnhofshallen-Flair!

These guys install a new order speaker to never use it . The waits in the drive through can be as long as 15 min . When they have free coffee the line goes to the road causing me and others to go to other locations to seem not to have this problem.  This location is mismanaged.

Out of all the Mickey Dee's Iv been to, I find this one to be nicer then the rest. It's very clean, the staff is nice and talkative (because the random convo here and there can be quite interesting) AND they have a fish tank with a bunch of exotic fishes (Nemo!).    It's a self serve for drinks btw. And they still have the old school tables outside and stools if you wanna just chill out in the summer while you eat your strawberry sundae with extra peanuts. Right now I'm hooked on the mighty Caesar salad with grilled chicken, it's surprisingly very delish. Guess you can say I'm lovin' it *justin timberlake voice*

Fake food, Perfect for fat canadians that are lazy to cook real food. Mcdonalds is pretty much cancer that tastes good but makes u feel like crap lol. By the way its not even cheap. Filled with Gmos

Lets clear some stuff first... I love McDonalds...lol Its cheap and fills the tummy :D  This location here us a busy hot spot. The service is fast and the server are not rude. The seating is pretty nice, and they have a fish tank in the middle of the restaurant.  There is parking on the location and they have free Wifi.

Cheap. . Lol... try the toothpick size breakfast burritos. Lol or the ice with pop to go.

The manager (assuming the one in the grey uniform) first rudely told me to take back the ticket that I temporary left on the counter because I'm lacing my shoes. When she handed me the older, she didn't even acknowledge me or thank me. The order she handed to in her other hand received a thank you and so did every other order before mine. I didn't even mention the part where I got cut in line just before the chaser and no one bothered to point that out. Is it because I'm Chinese? What a great way to start a day. Think twice before visiting this place.

Always clean, and the people working there are always pleasant. I always come here past 9-10 o'clock, and I'm never disappointed with the service, the food, or the cleanliness. Overall a nice familiar McDonald's with a 24hr drive through.

A bit dodgy and still filled with everything you love (to hate) about the chain, but at least its heart is in the right place.  This McDonalds' exists in a bit of a weird spot in the city. Stuck between a host of fast food chains and Chinese restaurants on both sides, and at the end of a street that is just industrial businesses with very little foot traffic, the Burnhamthorpe/Wolfedale location has seen better days.  I will give this place kudos for having one of the better restaurant layouts. It's clear that they modernized the place in the last few years. The design is much cleaner, they've installed the self-serve kiosks and the design is generally a lot brighter and appealing. The catch is that there are still a bunch of ugly-looking seats and tables outside that obviously haven't been maintained in years, but you can't win them all.  I ended up coming here for breakfast with friends over the Canada Day long weekend, and the quality was exactly as I expected. Thin, barely-there sausage with no taste and pancakes that resemble high-end sponges. Doesn't fill you up and it's overpriced for what you get. Where the heck did the Big Breakfast menu item go? Or the McGriddle's?  The service isn't bad and they had the place done up in Canada 150 branding, which was nice. I wouldn't consider this McDonald's to be a go out of your way and get it now type place, but it's good for a quick jaunt in if there's nothing else readily available.

what is the deal with this mcdonalds?  i only go here because sometimes i work really late and its around the corner from my shop.  they have the slowest service out of all mcdonalds ive ever been to.  and on top of that, which i find ridiculous, they also charge more than other mcdonalds.. how???       and when you get your order of fries, they NEVER fill it up, its always HALF.  the food tastes as you would expect, but this place must be struggling financially to charge more than other mcdonalds, and only fill your fries HALF of what you should get.  if you dont mind getting ripped off, then go here, otherwise go to the mconalds on keele just south of lawrence.

It's located inside Walmart in Mississauga Canada. The meals we ordered tasted good and fresh.

I go to this McDonald's regularly and never had a problem. I went though yesterday and there was a dead fly in the fries. Inexcusable!!!!!

This Mc Donalds always messes up my order when I go there. The food is like any other Mc Donalds and the staff cam be quite rude.

Wouldn't even give it a star. Had to wait 30 mins for an easy order. Staff are rude and slow. Never ever come back.

If you want to be sure you got what you order through the drive-thru..... check every item in front of the server.... this place hardly ever gets an order 100% correct.

This place recently went under construction. Now the drive thru consists of 2 lanes for ordering that must merge into one in order to pay. Like being caught in a bad ass construction zone in rush hour where the lanes have to merge, (which I had just endured before I got to McDonalds)! I spent 20 minutes in that flippin' line, they almost gave me someone else's order, and I stated point blank I would never be back! I don't even like McDonalds that much, I was just in a hurry! What a mistake! What a mess they made of that drive thru. Drive Thru from Hell! The food tasted as it always does....but I'll figure something else out next time!

Walked in weds Sept 28, music blaring. Slowest McDonald's staff on earth.  Messy, depressing. They need a management drop in, terrible.

Key Features: No drink refills, no shakes, and no accepting of McDonald's Gift Certificates.   Yeah, yeah, it's a Mcdonald's.  They're all the same, right?  Clearly not.  If all McDonald's were the same, what would be my point of reviewing this one?  Maybe it's because I'm lost in a sea of watching Star Trek Voyager, and I wanted something better to do than just watch Kes' inane actions.   But that's not true.  People need to know that this McDonald's is differant than others.  Namely for the key features listed above - but you're also looking at ridiculous lines.  If you get here between 2:50 and 3:45 when the local schools are letting out, be prepared to line up longer here for your McWhatever, than you would at most of the restaurants in the area.

Probably the messiest McDonald's I have ever eaten in. You can expect dirty tables, broken ketchup dispenser, full garbage bins, slow service and screaming and fighting local teens.

What is going on with this McDonald's?  It was so messy and overrun by local tweens.  Tweens behind the counter as well.  Why do you wanna know my name when I order? This isn't Starbucks. And how come no one changes the garbage? Why is it just, OK that the washroom is broken and you have two floors of seating?  That's insanity.  BOTH washrooms are broken? Get real.  I can respect your efforts to keep the nightcrawlers and unruly tweens from just wrecking the washrooms though.  I bought a mango pineapple smoothie; it stunk. I dunno, the food was okay, but the ambience is just not upto par. Tweens or no tweens.

Came to this place with Bae not knowing what to expect. First of all, there was no hostess there to seat us! So we had to go find our own table. The only free table we found was dirty so we HAD to clean it. And then we waited almost 3 hours before a waitress finally came and told us they were CLOSING THE DINING ROOM?! EXCUSE ME? We could have had 3 meals in that time but now we're absolutely starving and being told we won't have time to eat?! Ridiculous service. Come to think of it, I don't even remember seeing any of the other tables being served either, and eventually all those people just up and left too. I've gotta say, maybe if the staff could up their service a little bit this place would be a hidden gem, the food on the menu looked pretty good. But for now, all I know is that its gonna be a long time before Bae and I decide to return here.

It's not anywhere near as ghetto as the queen and spadina mcdonalds but it's still pretty bad for the area. I wish it wasn't located so near to the subway. It attracts a hooligan crowd late at night. During the day it's filled with rude old people and loud teens. The staff is at least pretty nice and seems to keep their spirits high despite having to deal with the riff raff.

Ok, lets start with this..i've visited many locations across the world and nothing compares to my local mc d's. I'm convinced this location is contending to be the #1 worst! It doesn't matter what you order, they'll -A. Mess it up, B. Take eons to put it together, or C. B.S their way out, not taking ANY responsibilities that they are at fault. Unfortunately, i believe all who work there are quite special! Multi-tasking doesn't seem to be part of their training. As for the management, they are also quite useless! I haven't seen them to rectify or deal with any issues..instead they actually hide! How horrific!! This place definitely needs a spring cleaning from top to bottom..too bad the renos didn't fix the staff/service :(

The McDonald's Empire does a commendable job of having consistent food. Where things tend to diverge a bit, is in the area of service, restaurant layout, and other intangibles.  Here are some things to note here...  1. Ridiculously long waits during peak times and after school. Don't expect a free single French fry or an apology for waiting way too long. 2. There is minimal seating downstairs. This is not a good place for strollers , wheelchairs, or people with limited mobility. 3. They do not give refills.  You have to ask for just about everything ( ketchup, paper products). While I am sure this saves the franchise owner lots, the place just seems cheap. 4. The place, partly because it does get slammed at times, can be dirty. 5. One plus is that the upstairs dining room does have a window view of the street. Another is that there is no smog creating drive thru.

Had to stop in a Canadian McDonald's just to see how the fries measured up north of the boarder...They same GREAT!!

Absolutely the slowest McDonald's on the planet.  It takes forever to get through the drive-through. I've done it three times, I will never go to that McDonald's again.

No stars I had a freakin bug in my iced coffee and my burgers were dry as hell and the buns were hard! I will never go there again! The coffee period was nasty! Sugar diabetes from the coffee

*sigh*  :/ Why oh WHY do I torture myself by going to this Mcdonald's?......I would like to say I will never visit this location ever again, but how can I. I mean it's McDonald's whadda ya expect? But seriously? Words cannot describe how poorly each of my 3 visits went. 3 strikes aaaaand your OUT!  Now I fully understand where comedians get their material from when they throw shade on Mikky D's inept employees, mediocre service, and crappie intercom.  On a funnier side, the voice coming out of the intercom DOES really sound like Charlie Brown's teacher! Ya know the sound wah-wah wah wah wah-wah wah.LOL :D I could hardly believe it. At 1st I thought I was being punked. Ashton where are you when we need you?

I come to this location quite often either for myself or for family.  I'm not sure why but half of the time they decide to barricade the right lane and force the cars to go thru one drive thru lane which makes for a long time of cars.  I did go last night and this was my current situation. The food took longer than normal. When I passed the first window after I paid I pulled forward to the second window and the guy ask if I paid?! Well duh there 10 cars in front of me all stopping to pay at the first Window. He gave my large drinks to me all soak on the outside didn't even wipe off the excess soda dripping. I also had to double check my order which I hardly ever do and lucky I did because he forgot another drink to the kids meal.  I guess it depends on the day at mc Donald's

Please go to this place if you want your order screwed up. Every. Time. You. Go. Seriously. My kids always ask for this dumb places food and every time we get home there's something missing. I guess I should know by now,but I'm paying them to make sure my food is there. Why do I have to do their job? Unless you order one item, you'll be missing something. Mark my words. Enjoy!

Literally all I have to say is  this McDonalds sucks!!! I drove all the way home only to find that my egg and cheese mcmuffin had no egg!!!! Secondly, why do you charge 25 cents for ONE extra bbq sauce but you gave me three sides of marinara sauce for an order of three mozzarella sticks? The customer service goal here is very lax- no concept of going the extra mile for the customer. There are two taco bells, a subway, a KFC and a taco house all on the same road. Save yourself the trouble and go to one of those. The cherry on top: 30 MINUTES LATER THERE IS A FREAKIN BUG IN MY TEA. Pics included.

This McDs SUCKS! Sorry not sorry, they never get anything right. I will only order coffee here and they still mess up the order. What's the point in saying your order if you have to repeat it 4x? Please train your people mcD! Every time Ive ordered food in the past they always forgot to give me napkins. I feel like the employees just don't care. I'm going to try and make today's visit my last one ever. I'll pay more money for better service at Starbucks.

I went to this one on the way home for my first time, I avoid it due to traffic. Well, it was dinner time and there was not a long drive-thru line. I got my order quickly and correctly. They even asked to verify the sauces I requested at the pick-up window before they placed them into the bag.  When I got home my boyfriend was happy. He said he prefers the food appearance to the usual location. The Big Mac looked nice and well put together. The fries were good- not cold or stale albeit a little too salty for my taste.

*Please note: If you are a vegetarian or vegan McDonald's puts beef flavoring in their fries and hash browns.

Can I give it no stars?? I order 2 sausage, egg, and cheese mcgriddle's, one bacon and egg biscuit no cheese with scrambled egg instead of the folded and two hashbrowns. I wait forever in the drive-through, they hand me the bag, I have a bad feeling so I pull over and look at it. I have two sausage egg and cheese Mc muffins, no biscuit sandwich at all and two hashbrowns. Then I have to go inside and wait for them to fix it.  How do you screw up that bad?

This location is the nearest to my home. Every time we go through the drive up the difference is night and day to the service you get. Today the moron who was taking my order did not read it back.  When I got up to the window I needed to edit the order. He started reading it back, I said No here is what I ordered, three times I repeated it till I was finally satisfied.   The time before last, the person who took my order, listened was polite got the order on the first time. The service at this location is on a scale from 1 - 10 rates about a 3.5. Never the same each time.

Walk away.  Don't waste your money.  Our drive thru order was incorrect. No sauce included. No paper towels.  Food was cold.  Service was slow.  Find another McDonald's.  This is the worst I have ever seen!

In a pinch or after a drunken evening, McDonald's is A-OK in my books.  This particular location is consistently busy and the lobby usually looks like a tornado blew through it. There are also many people on different levels of intoxication as well. But its all part of the legit Toronto McD's experience!  My go to order is usually a ranch snack wrap with extra pickles (TRY IT!), small fries, and a chocolate sundae with strawberry sauce on the bottom.  FYI : this location does not have a drive thru ;)

-- Food is often served cold or with mistakes in the order (Just got a cold quarter pounder BLT, no cheese to be seen. Last time it was cold fries) -- Staff incredibly slow and indifferent  -- The environment is pretty dirty and neglected (condiment section usually empty).  The question is why have I gone back enough to notice how repeatedly gross the experience is.  I'd recommend splurging the few extra dollars to go across the street to South St. Burger. Food is always hot and fresh. Definitely regretting not making that decision tonight.

This place has a parking lot, so that's good. But the owner has changed the menu and forced employees to refuse making double cheeseburgers like a Mac. Franchisee fail.

It's clean, the food is consistent with all the other McDonald's and there's free parking. Tthere is a bit of a sketchy element to the place in terms of clientele. Also, bathrooms are in the basement, where I'm assuming, no one can hear you scream. I only thought of this because I had to walk past said sketchy customers on the way.

McDonald's is crap. But this one is crap with the worst service you can imagine. So just avoid it.

Comfortable seats, free wifi and cool air conditioning can be enjoyed even you didn't buy ANYTHING!!! But, but!!!!!! The peach smoothie is so small for its price:(  Good for sitting after getting takeout from stockyards.

It's a McDonald's, what do you expect? :-P Decent for fast-food, quick enough service. Private lot for parking which is very helpful

Deserves a zero. Worst McDonalds ever. I used to be a McDonalds manager, I cannot believe corporate hasn't come in to either turn it around or shut it down. Never giving them my business again.

It's a  McDonald's. Consistent food. Word to the wise - baby changers are in the restrooms in the play place.

I would give this location a ZERO if I could. There are repeated, repeated, repeated problems here. Avoid this location at all costs. Abandon all hope (of decent food), ye who enter here.   I live about a mile from this location and have had more bad experiences than good ones. They usually omit items from my order, or just give me the wrong things. Sometimes the food is just old.   Yesterday morning's issues take the cake. Going through the drive through (they always F-you in the drive through! - Joe Peschi, Lethal Weapon 2), I ordered:  A. Big breakfast with hotcakes B. Hot cakes and sausage C. A bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit D. One hash brown  Well, they charged me the correct amount, and that's the last thing these incompetent people did correctly. The kid in the window handed me a bag, which only contained the hotcakes and sausage and the one hash brown. When I told him he was missing half of my order, he seemed overwhelmingly confused. I could then see three people inside, huddling, trying to figure it out. About three minutes later, he handed me a second bag, with the Big Breakfast, but still missing the hashbrown (the one that is supposed to be in the BB).  More confusion, and two minutes later, he handed me a third bag with the missing hashbrown.   So, 5 minutes later, I arrived home, only to discover that instead of a bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit, they gave me a sausage biscuit. That was enough to get me to call the restaurant and give the assistant manager - Donald -  a piece of my mind. I demanded he send someone to my house with the correct item immediately. Of course, I know that for various reasons, that's impossible, but I simply wanted to see how he'd handle the demand. Poorly, as I expected. Of course, he wanted me to let the food that I did have get cold while I spend 20 more minutes driving back to get the correct item. My sausage was overcooked, hard, and seemed like it was left over from yesterday.   I demanded to talk to the manager, who wasn't there. He gave me a phone number for a Deb, who is some type of area supervisor, but the person I really want to speak with is the franchise owner, who has a really big problem with this location, and I wonder if he/she/they know it. I get better service from the inner-city McDonald's in Chicago and Milwaukee that I go to. These people in Mount Horeb are complete idiots. Maybe they don't train, or maybe they can't get decent people, but they lost this customer for life. I will go to Culver's (across the street) instead.

Went in for a cup of coffee. There was a line. An employee just stood there watching us  not helping and saying hey I am not on the clock  as he stood at the counter. It took 6 minutes to get the coffee after I ordered it. Apparently you can no longer put in your own cream and sugar but the employee didn't ask how much of either I wanted. Had to wait another 3 min to get a second sugar but no stir stick. Never going back. I get better service at PDQ .

Poorly run and mean to their employees. Don't go here unless you want old, disgusting trash that will take 30 minutes to get to you. The food is also bad.

Although the food quality is decent. This is the SLOWEST! It took me 7 minutes to get my quarter pounder burger. There was 2 customers ahead of me, who got their meals before I did on this visit.

Super bad service!!! Stopped by to grab a few meals for the family and they messed up on the meals. MEALS. Only got 2 order of fries for 5 meals. Minutes later, they bring out 2 more to add to the total. 4 orders of fries for 5 meals. What the heck is this??? Really bad service and unfit people to work there.

Worst Mcdonald's service ever, I only ever get breakfast here. They got my order wrong several times. They forgot my hashbrown on one of my orders. Another time I ordered two Sausage Egg McMuffins they gave me two Sausage McMuffins instead. I ordered a Sausage Egg McMuffin with bacon and they gave me Sausage McMuffin.

Waited in the drive thru for 23 minutes all for a Big Mac and fry. After I finally got my food I went home and called the McDonald's and got the manager, I told her I waited for over 20 minutes in the drive thru and she told me not my problem and hung up on me. Never have I been disrespected like that. Would never go here and I will definitely tell everyone I know not to go here.  Food sucked tasted like it had been sitting for over 30 min.

In a nutshell, I'll never go back to this place. I shouldn't have to chew my coffee...done with coffee grounds in my coffee. The chicken sandwich was pretty disgusting. I work in food service and I'd never serve up food the way it was given to me.

i have been to this mac probley 6 times in a 5 year peroid and have gotten food poisening twice the latest boute 2 days ago on a cheese burger this location needs to be reported to the health inspectors. eat here knowing you have a good chance of being poisened

We go here because my husband can use the free wi-fi. We like the friendly people that work here as well. Debbie H

Worst McDonald's ever! The people are rude and don't speak good English. No matter how many times you repeat your order and no matter how many times they repeat what you told them the order is still always wrong. It's actually gotten to the point where it's funny how bad this McDonalds is. Today I asked if they could put $2 on my card and I'll do the rest in cash. You would of thought the world ended lol I had to go to the back of the line for what reason you may ask. Hell if I know! The drive thru is the worst sometimes they speak Spanish the whole time even though you tell them you don't speak Spanish. It's crazy! Funny yes but very crazy. Don't go here unless you're ok with mediocre service and terrible management. Granted it's a fast food chain and on top of that its a McDonald's but seriously it's insane how terrible this place is. Sometimes I think they can't be serious but I guess I thought wrong.

The shittiest quality of food and service, I've experienced with Mc Donald.   1st time hear, my fries were nasty. You can tell it's been sitting out for awhile.   I figured it was just a one time mistake. That happens.  2nd time: The teenage kid taking my order was in a bad mood cut me off while I was trying to finish my sentence. He asked what size of meal, I would like which he would have gotten the answer if he had answered me. Anyway, I said medium.   When I pulled to 2nd window for my order, i found out I was charged for large instead of medium. I figured whatever, I'm not please but I can deal with this. Then the 2nd guy handed me my cone (which started to melt already) and the rest of my order. He got the time to overly flirty after the whole thing which is just annoying and creepy. As I was driving, I realized my fries were soggy and barely warm again. Also I hot charged for large despite not wanting one and the fries not even filled to the top (half way).   This place doesnt deserve to get even 1 star.

I literally waited in the car 10 mins before the order came out in the drive thru! Did someone say fast food!?? Oh and it wasn't even for me

I've come to this location 3 different times and each time there was something wrong. Today they were extremely unapologetic that they couldn't accept credit cards. So irritating. On top of that, I have two daughters with me that are hungry and I have to round them up so that we can go to another place to eat. So done with trying this location!

I've been coming to this location for the past 2 and a half years, not very often since I became a vegetarian and this is one of the best McDonalds around. The service is almost always fast and the employees are always nice. I'll have McDonalds hot coffee over Starbucks any day! Keep up the good work!

This is the slowest McDonald's drive -thru that I have ever encountered. How in the world do they turn a profit?! I only wanted an ice cream cone and I had to wait over 15 minutes in line for it. The guy's order ahead of me was still on the screen when I pulled up to give my order. He ordered 2 large sweet teas. You would have thought that they had to go out, harvest the tea leaves, and retrieve the water from the well!

If you want a wrong order, or a drink in your lap, this the place to go for a meal. I plan to go somewhere else.

In the time it took to lie to me and say the shake being handed to me was a chocolate Shamrock shake (what I ordered) instead of a chocolate shake (what it turned out to be) the girl could have gone back and made it right..... The messing around in the drive thru and the machine taking forever - fine. But lying to me about what you're giving me? Unacceptable.

I grab my morning coffee here 3-4 days a week and today I was treated beyond fantastic! The two lovely folks running the second and third drive through window had such large smiles on their face and they each asked me how my day was then told me to have a great day! It makes the 30 seconds of my morning even better! Keep Up the awesome customer service!!!!

My double cheese burger and Medium fries were trash worthy. The wrapper was hot so I thought the burger would be.... WRONG! The fries were warm but not fresh, you know how they get when they have set for awhile under the heat lamps.   However much to my surprise my frozen mocha was very good.  I called the toll free number and gave them feedback, first time I was ever moved to do that at a McDonalds! They are to mail me out a coupon to replace my burger and fries. I will not be cashing them in at this location that's for sure!

Totally confused about the service here. Twice I've been there and the credit machine was down so I had to go to the bank and come back and since I was in line and ordered I had to wait for the line to move to get out of it, usually this happens early am so beware... My order is always incorrect in some way, so I try to be safe and get the chicken instead of the hamburger, because apparently making a patty and putting it on a bun is impossible, I get it plain every time.  When the Hayden location messed up my order and made me wait, which mind you was still fairly quick I got a coupon card but when it happened at Scottsdale, this location, they were like: what do? They wouldn't comp it, although I was waiting for a good 30min total after I got back and ordered, I was offered a smoothie but I got an extra fry to make up for it whatever it was late and I was tired and over it from waiting so long.  This visit I didn't get my drink so I just sat there as the staff member was getting the other order. They said they didn't see the drink (set out) so they didn't give me one but a) don't they get the drink and b) I can see my drink order with my order on the screen. Keep in mind there was 1 person inside already eating when I pulled up, and 1 person in front of me getting food and then 1 person pulled behind me when I was at the food window... That is *not* busy at all so where's the disconnect?  Go to Hayden. Get on the ball Scottsdale.

McDonald's food is Mcdonald's and we all know that going into it, but at least give me decent service. Part of that is getting my order right which shouldn't be hard since I only order 3 things....2 burgers and a drink.  How I ended up with the wrong drink, one burger and chicken nuggets, I don't know. However, they did do a quick fix for me with only minor attitude for ordering my food right and them getting it wrong.

They never get the order right and drive thru takes like forever be sure to double check everything but for what little it's worth i did get Breakfast at 4 so yay!

Slow service and occasionally rude people working. I know it's only McDonalds but what happened to pride in work, whatever that work may be.

Pretty much worse experience I've had with McDonald's. The girl at cashier that initially took my order was nice but other than that this place gets a huge thumbs down. Play area was ridiculously hot seems like AC wasn't working. Food took longer than usual to be ready than I'm used to at a fast food chain. My sons kids meal was missing his juice and yogurt so I had to get up twice to ask for it. And customer service was not very good. I appreciate when they at least attempt to care be quick and friendly. Will not be returning.

I pulled up to the drive thru and a lady took my order, she gave good service , she was on window 2. The lady who was on window 3 at 5:53 jun 20 was rude. She just opened up her window , almost threw the food at me and shut the window at me without saying a damn word. It's not my fault you hate your job.... Ill just stay to Burger King from now on. I hope the lady who was on window 3 at 5:53 today gets fired and lives in the streets.

I was called a Motherf**ker by the manager this morning when I came back to have my burned fries replaced.  He told me that the customer is never right and I don't know what I'm talking about.  I guess the golden standard is brown inedible burned fries.  He had a serious attitude and after calling me a Motherf**cker more than once, he tried covering his tracks by saying he could smell alcohol on my breath and he was sure I was drunk.  I was definitely not, it was 10:45 in the morning.  What a jerk!  I will never eat there again and I recommend you do not either!

This McDonald's is close to my house, but I go out of my way to go to a different location because this one has disappointed me so many times. Rude employees, extremely slow drive thru, and I swear their sweet tea is always a day or two old because it tastes sour each time! Ugh!

The only thing I get at McDonald's is their coffee but when I ask for a black and get 1 milk 2 sugar, a double double, or a tea on numerous occasions there is something wrong. Every other time I visit this location they mess up my order. Well they get busy and make mistakes yeah I get that but not that often and when I go there's normally no line up.

I tried to avoid McDonalds for years, especially if there are other options around, but they seem to be winning me back with better customer service, and reasonable prices when everyone else seems to be charging you more for less.  I'm a big fan of the $1.39 value menu. I rarely need a full meal, with fries and a pop, but a quick snack, McDouble, Junior Chicken, or a cone often hits the spot, and saves me from spending $5 plus at another restaurant. My wallet likes that, and so does my stomach!  This location must have some of the oddest customer cycles you can imagine. In the mornings, especially on weekends, you get the Old crowd. I can see why, the cashiers are friendly, and the breakfast deals are a good alternative to cooking at home. Free newspaper and chatting with friends seems to be a morning tradition with many in the area. With a monster high school only steps away, the lunch crowd can get unruly some days, especially during the school season. The early evening the drive-through and restaurant gets packed with families on their way to or from soccer/hockey/dance, so you know you're in for a wait. The late evening quiets down a bit, but, then the youth arrive. Management seems to try and stay on top of it though. Lately they seem to congregate outside in the new patio seating area, and along the retaining wall next to the parking lot. This crowd is often here very late into the night, since there doesn't appear to be anything else for them to do, and McDonalds is open 24 hours. Maybe they should build an addition to the kids Play Place... how about a rock climbing grotto for the Teens? I'd even sign up!  Service is very consistent and courteous, even after dealing with difficult customers throughout the day. Any time I have had a question about my order, they made it right, so full marks there. Like I said, they seem to be winning me back as a customer, so keep up the good work.

This is the closest location to my home. Don't drop in for lunch during a school day. You'll be bombarded by students from both local high schools. I have no issue with the kids being there however they don't seem to know how to behave. The group sitting beside me and my 3 yr old nephew were swearing loudly and lobbing spit balls at each other until I told them to knock it off. The manger on staff walked by many times and said nothing.   I frequent this locations drive through a couple times a week and most times my decaf coffee is cold and tastes stale. I often order an English muffin and it comes dry. I started asking specifically for it to be buttered and still receive it dry.   Over all this location is dropping the ball but I guess it doesn't matter since they are the only location in town.

I've never been to a place where they consecutively mess up your order. It seems like common sense is lacked very much here by the younger generation working there. Don't go in store at lunch time during the week. The joint gets infested by high schoolers

Sigh...I don't know why I even bothered to give this particular location another go after my last visit (see previous review). Everything went well until the one woman dropped off my food near the curb and I'm not asking you to do a tapdance for me as you drop my food off to me, but a simple smile or acknowledgement would be nice after I politely said Thank you! Have a nice day. Maybe she was having a bad day. NBD. Checked my food...no syrup or butter. ..a little annoyed, but not a huge deal. Park car. Get out in my wildly inappropriate leopard print pajama shorts to retrieve condiments.   Wait. Wait. Wait patiently for someone to acknowledge me or state can I help you?  Girl eventually turns around after smacking a bag angerly out of her way and gives me a look with no words that clearly states, WHAT?. Reaches over for condiments after I politely asked like I just asked her to pump maple syrup out of a tree for me. Hands them to me without a simple sorry, eye contact, nothing.   I don't expect someone to bend over backwards to me, nor am I that critical of service...but body language and attitude are hard to pass up.   My next visit to McDonalds was at another location. Avoid this one at all costs.

This has to be the worst McDonalds on the planet. The drive thru has got to be the slowest drive thru in the world. I have never had an order there where I didn't have to pull forward and wait. And the number of times I've driven all the way home only to find out they put the wrong order in the bag this has been going on for years.

Its 630am and im waiting in line for what seems like an eternity for two breakfast sandwiches what's wrong with this place they just can't get it right

This place is horrible the bigger girl with the red hair is so rude. I waited an hour in the drive thru. This place should be shut down the way they run things. Never will I ever go back again the food was terrible cold and old

Really wish no stars were a option, seeing as the snarky, rude, and sarcastic customer service sold me on the fact, that even as a McDonald's fast food worker, they obviously don't care about their crappy jobs. Nor do I except them to give two flying sh!ts about their reviews, because their lives are probably just as miserable as their burger flipping salary.    I've come here twice and both times my order was messed up, getting a hold of a manager was like five nights at Freddy's , and finally after contacting the dimwits I got a refunded order. After being treated like I was an inconvenience, I finally got to the window to order ( because their shitty microphones don't work) and decided to add a coca-cola, and a burger ( seeing as I just got off work and was hungrier then a hippo). The broad at the window acted as if her life was in shambles over the request, so I just smiled and continued on my way to the next window, where I was greeted by a nice young man who has worked a 12 hour shift, from what I was told and was scheduled to work even longer because the dipshit (my words not his) managers obviously can't make a schedule. Not only did the dumb broad from the first window start  squawking from the back but she was so annoying the poor man needed a break. I eventually got my food, and checked to make sure the food was there. Thankfully it was, and I didn't need to give the girl a experience she was not prepared for, but I asked for her name. SURPRISINGLY  HER NAME WAS MICKY. WHO WORKS AT MICKY DS.  amused with her life, I thanked her and drove away.   Basically I'm sure she didn't graduate middle school, and I feel terrible for co-worker, who as I type this is probably hoping she trips and falls.    I literally made this account just to post this.

This place is ridiculous. It's a prime example of why McDonalds is on the decline.  I wait 15mins for an iced coffee, she brings it out without a straw.  Well I thought someone else gave you one.  And then she just leaves, no attempt to correct the situation. Worst drive through service ever.

Horrible customer service.  They never have ice cream so take it off he menu and system is always down.  Now they don't have frappes.  Someone needs to come fix up this location.  Go to the one on Ridge road in the plaza they r awesome

The worst Mcdonalds I've been in.  Make sure and check your order before you leave. Chances are its missing something.

If I could give it zero stars I would. Not only was the service horrible but our orders were also 100% incorrect. Egg mcmuffin with no egg?? What?

This McDonald's needs a deep cleaning and the staff needs to be retrained on efficient, friendly customer service. My son had a special request for his burger (no pickles, but he wanted ketchup and mustard) that we had to keep repeating and we still ended up with Pickles. The fries were warm, not hot. It drives me crazy when they keep the soda fountain behind the counter so you can't get your own refill like this location does. I am sure it is a cost savings to do this but I know I am not alone in finding this annoying. Before today I hadn't been to a McDonald's in a very long time and after the experience I am sure it will be a very long time before I go again.

Reminded tonight as to why McDonald's is terrible? Orders NEVER are right, food is room temperature, workers are standing mindlessly, and seem to have the incorrect working agenda. They're pretty lucky I blame myself for making such a poor mistake in eating here.

So after waiting for 15 minutes I the drive thru at 1155pm for a artisan chicken sandwich and medium  fries. I get home to finally relax and eat after a long crazy day and I open my box and I get a piece of chicken that was cut in half I'm assuming to make another sandwich for the next customer and then I bit into it only to be even more disappointed because it was sour. So now I can only pray I don't get sick nor whoever got the other have of my chicken. Good job McDonald's!!!!

Phenomenal service!   As soon as I walked in Tasha at the register, greeted me and offer to help me.   Food was made when I ordered it, hot and didn't take long.  Will definitely come back!!! Was also very impressed on how clean this location is.

Usually don't want to admit to stopping at a McDonald's, especially since one of my profile photos celebrates a McDonald's being torn down, but here I was, stranded while my car was being repaired nearby. I was treated nicely and was allowed to use their free wifi for a couple of hours.  The positives: Very nicely updated interior, with a couple of large communal seating options for groups. Television. Free wifi.   The negatives: No directly accessible drink refills!!!!!! (You must wait for refills at the counter). The kids play place is very modest and useful for only very young children. No video games. The AC system left the restaurant freezing and drafty on this day.  I think this would have been a three star review if you didn't have to beg for drink refills like it was the 1980's. Perhaps even a four star review if they had a more elaborate play place. But alas, no such luck.

Its the worst, drive through wait is always unusually long, this morning I ordered 2 buttermilk crispy chicken sandwiches received one buttermilk crispy filet and one Mcchicken patty. Did they really think I wasnt going to notice? The place is just dishonest.  I called and the girl argued with with me, she put a man on the phone and he said yeah just bring it back. So yeah I'm going to have to make a trip after work with an 8 hour old sandwich to get what I ordered.

This McDonald's is a hit and miss. Sometimes you have the employees who actually have customer service common sense and some who obviously don't. On May 24 my two teenage kids went in at about 830am and asked for a cup of water and were told that unless they purchased something, they couldn't give them water. Pretty inconsiderate, considering it was 90+ degrees out already. Had they had $, they would likely have purchased a cup of soda instead. Funny thing is that depending on the employee, depends if the customer gets a free cup of water. Thanks older, hispanic, heftier, manager (they didn't catch her name and this is the description they gave me. She had a different colored shirt than the other employees which is why they believe she was the manager).

Just a waste of time. I had a coupon, counterperson handed me scanner and walked away. 6 people were behind me, every single person was served ahead of me. I ordered 2 dollars worth of food. Even the homeless bum got his water before me.

I expect more from McDonald's, Miguel was so obtuse , meaning slow and ignorant to understand, He was actually having a long conversation with a little Mexican girl, as the line got fuller and fuller, I finally just walked out the door,, try to get a nice hamburger at McDonald's, this is what I get for going to the ghetto,I also blame the manager on duty, they need a second counter person, this happens daily, I am never going to this crap hole again

They mess up orders frequently and food has clearly been sitting around for a while.  Chicken nuggets and fries always feel stale and are room temperature inside.  I will be driving past this McDonald's from now on to go to other locations.

I am not sure what this company does for recognition of their employees but the woman LaTasha (unsure of spelling) at the pay window in the early morning deserves some recognition. I am by all means NOT a morning person. LaTasha never fails to put a smile on my face. She has such an amazing energy about her and her attitude is so positive. I have been through this location many times and have seen people who seem a little unexcited to be there that early, so seeing her face is a breath of fresh air!! So whatever it is you do for recognition, this woman deserves an award or something!!!!

This location is always causing traffic backup, with lines out the parking lot. This is a safety hazard. This location should be moved. It is too popular and it will cause car accidents. Don't say I never advised you store manager.

Service is so SLOW and TERRIBLE!   Being sick, I had a guilty craving for McDs. I went through the drive through and ordered burger and fries.   First window: pulled up to pay, the guy couldn't mutter a single word to me - no etiquette or customer service here. The only thank you here was the one that came from my mouth getting my change.  Second window: Pulled up to the second window to grab food...and waited...and waited...and waited. I want to say I stood at the window for ten minutes (realistically it was about 7 minutes). No one bothered to come to the window and apologize for the delay or to let me know what was taking so long, despite the fact that an employee was standing right beside the window filling a coffee and spending a lot of time just looking up at a screen.  I guess they'd rather spend ten minutes ignoring the customer than bother acknowledging them or giving them an explanation for the delay - a simple it'll just be another moment would've sufficed.  At this point there was a long lineup that of cars behind me, with some honking. Finally I took my food and went home. My cheeseburger was super dry, not what I remember it to be (McDs is a once in a blue moon guilty pleasure). Overall, super disappointing experience, not worth leaving my house for!

Every time I used the drive through, they asked me to park in  front of the store and wait for the food. In several occasions, it wasn't even busy. To top it all  today we were given the wrong order. Worst location in the GTA.

The renovations and new design have made this location slow and cumbersome and it frustrates customers.  Even a simple order of a coffee and muffin has you waiting like cattle in a pen while some under paid and overworked kid struggles to keep up.  Sometimes change is not for the better.  This one was not a good idea

If there's one reason why this restaurant is a cut above many of the local McDonalds' I've been to, it's because of the manager, Adele. Always out greeting patrons and serving custom orders herself, she's a large part of the reason why the customer experience here is leaps and bounds better than other branches.  As for the quality of the restaurant itself, it's pretty much the same song-and-dance. You know exactly what you get when you come to a McDonalds, and in that regard, it's just fine. This branch (located at the corner of Clayhill and Dundas) is also a high-traffic area, so don't be surprised if there's a bit of a wait. The place was hopping when I visited today.  I had one of the custom burgers (the Angus burger with extra toppings), and had it served on a nice dish with fries in a wire-rack holder. Definitely enjoyable, and a cut above their usual fare. The whole custom burger experience seems a bit at odds with the generally lower-quality product the restaurant usually provides, but I quite liked it nonetheless.  Worth a stop by,  P.S. - if you grade a fast-food restaurant as the worst location in the GTA just because you actually had to wait for food because of how busy it is, you suck at restaurant reviews.  Do you even Yelp, bro?

Waited to order my food at drive through once someone eventually answered I waited to pay. The employees were just playing around and not paying any attention.  So I went to the next window, thinking that other window might have been closed. I was wrong. Boyfriend started getting passed off for waiting so long that we just left without paying or getting food. The employees were just laughing and running around not attending to the customers..... Horrible service... It's sad too because I liked there food.

On 3/20/17 I went in after a long work day. I asked for 2 large sweet teas, 1 medium French fry. I got to the window I believe I paid $4.31 or close. I usually love the tea and was very thirsty. I got home, the fry's were old and greasy gross and the tea not sweet. I don't have sweetener or sugar at home, So it was kind of a waste. I called McDonald's directly after getting home, spoke to the manager who said come back in today , took my name and she'll give me a meal. I said I didn't need a meal I wanted to just have the tea in the french fries . I went in to avoid the story telling at the drive thru. The manager in charge at 7:15 pm on 3/22/17 when I told her what happened, said do you have the receipt. I said no but I called last night the manager said to come back etc. She looked at me, no kind expression , no kindness nothing. She told me I can't give you anything without a receipt. I tried to explain again the situation , no expression nothing. I walked away. The good news from this whole story is that in the same Plaza they have Jimmy John's, Panda Express and across the street they have Del Taco and Carl's jr.. so I had choices of other places to get better customer service. I know they're not hurting for customers at this location because it's near a Walmart but I'll never go back.

I don't even want to give it one star. Showed up tonight 11:05pm and they don't close until midnight just to grab a couple burgers sad at the drive-through for 10 minutes and nobody answered. I think if you're open until 12am  you should be open.. Worst customer service .. Don't waste your time.. Not the first time it has happened.. It's also happened at 8pm at night and no one was in line.. Complete BS

Almost every part of my order was wrong. I ordered a biscuit with bacon, eggs, and cheese. What I got was a biscuit with sausage and egg. aTrained monkey could have done a better job, hell an untrained monkey could do a better job.

Went through the drive thru to get kids some mc nuggets last night. Ordered 40. When I got home each kid said they were shorted. 2 boxes with 8 and 2 boxes with 7. Shorted 10 in total. I called and after they let the phone ring for about 3-5 min, a manager named Mario picked up. I explained the situation and he said I could pick up the 10 missing. I was too tired to go back last night so he told me to go back sometime today and he would leave a note. So I stop by as I'm running errands and they won't give me the nuggets because Mario only left a note saying something to the effect that he has taken care of it and that I should come back again when Mario is there. I told them that not only was I not returning ever but that I would be doing this and they seemed fine with it. They can't be trusted to get your order right. Whatever they're getting paid is already too much. Bring on the kiosks.

I wish I didn't even have to put a star worst McDonalds I have ever been to!!! Ordered 3 things and all were wrong then wanted to charge me more to fix it!!! Are you freaking kidding me!!!!!!

My wife and I have been having breakfast at this location for over a year a couple of times a week. The last 4 visits have been unpleasant going through the drive thru. The lady at the second window in the morning does not smile, say hello, or even wipe the cups down when the over spill on them. Going to have to start going to a new location I guess. nobody wants service with a frown in the morning on the way to work.

I have been a Fan of Micky D's for years. I enjoy this Micky D's over others as the workers are friendly and for it only being  approx. 6 months old it is kept fairly clean.

I have been here a few times because I work close and I haven't had anything good here except a spicey mc chicken once. The wait is excessive, multiple times my orders have been cold and once I tried their breakfast and I am pretty sure that if I had eaten the sausage it would have made me sick. I may try it again someday as these things happen but not any time soon.

This is the new McDonalds next to the Wal-Mart at Baseline and Country Club/Az Ave.  There's not much to say about it other than it seems to replace the indoor McDonald's that used to be in the store.  I'm no longer a McDonald's fan, haven't been for years, but I do stop by for their cheap iced coffee on a hot day occasionally.  It's only a dollar for the regular and $2 for the tall.  I just wish they would use a sturdier glass for the tall.  I always fear the lid will pop off when I lift it up to take a sip, especially in the car.

This McDonald's is BY FAR the worst McDonald's in Mesa. They are always short staffed so if you go there plan on a 15 to 20 minute wait. The service is terrible and the employees act like they cannot take another day there. Whoever runs this McDonald's needs to be fired! This is the 4th horrible experience I've had there in the last 2 weeks! I'm never going there again! I will go to gilbert and baseline where they are much more organized and treat you like a customer.

When we pulled into the drive thru there was no cars in line. The guy asked us to hold. About 5 minutes later I said hello! And he asked what I wanted. I ordered a egg mcmuffin and a kids meal which took 20 minutes. When the guy gave us half our food he then asked if we wanted the other half! We then waited 5 more minutes for the rest of our order.

If I could put a negative number of stars, it would be MINUS 100..... These people are sooooo stupid. We go there EVERY Thursday and EVERY Thursday, they mess it up. SO, I think, okay, I will have it all written down in both english AND spanish..... Guess what, they STILL can't get it right. I can honestly say that in the past 3 months, they got 1, yes ONE order correctly and we order the SAME thing every week. THEN you try and talk to them about it and they cop an attitude and then it just gets worst. SO, next week, I am going to order 1 think at a time and then pay, then order the next thing and let them know that until we go through the 7 items on my list, and make sure all is correct, I will not batch it. I mean, cmon people, are you REALLY that STUPID.....

146 W Baseline Rd, Mesa, AZ 85210 Worst McDonald's I have ever been to! The only thing missing were cockroaches. I only trust this chain for breakfast and they couldn't even get that right. You try to call back to offer constructive criticism and they don't even answer the phone. I guess when you fleece millions of dollars defecating on your customers you can be that arrogant. Well, maybe that's why they are struggling. I can only hope the struggle is for a very long time.

This place was a disaster when I walked in. Completely unprofessional behavior and a dirty store. Every single table was dirty and the soda area was a mess. Straw wrappers all over the floor and dried spills covered the entire lobby. Food was old tasting, the tray mat was dirty when given to me, there were 5 or 6 people working, not busy inside and a small amount in the drive thru. Employees walked around aimlessly, hard to believe with the amount of work needed to be done. Manager on duty had no authority and crew had no respect for him. I also heard a crew member say she was not going to sweep but sweep mop. I worked for dunkin donuts for nearly two years, I understand that fast food is not an ideal profession, but should still be taken seriously. You are adults and should not be behaving like children. Stop whining about your job, if you don't like it, get a new one.

Worst service ever! They get one star because zero isn't an option.  I used to get breakfast here before work since I leave town at around 5am. Last week I stopped in and ordered breakfast then payed for my food at the first window. I then pulled up to second window and never saw anyone again!! I waited almost 15 minutes without seeing anyone at the front counter or my food! The service was terrible. I honked a few times then just gave up and left. Then three other times in the past 2 weeks I decided I'll just get coffee cause it's fast right?! Wrong.... The wait on a coffee one time was 5 minutes at the window once they finally took your order.  Two other times nobody even bothered to answer the drive thru speaker. Out of all these instances the morning manager was on duty cause she is an easily recognized oriental women. They need better management here before I'll ever give them another dime!

Just popped in for a quick potty break and a snack to find that this sleepy little place is too dirty for this girl to eat!! The bathrooms so need some attention badly!! However that situation can happen during your busy time of day..... However it not busy now and the place is a mess- trash cans flowing over, dinning room messy and to boot the manager (either shift/ main manger) was just not in the mood to run the register today!! While waiting for service it have me time to observe the place and to make the deduction to walk!!!

Horrible. Service is way too slow for a fast food joint. This place makes me wonder if the cow was still grazing in the field and if the potatoes have yet to be grown. Not to mention the crumbs on top of every single table in there, ice machine out of ice, restrooms look like they haven't been cleaned in a week, and the food is mediocre at best. Not that I was expecting fine dining or anything, but at least edible food please.

First of all I have to say I hate all McDonalds so this might be a bit biased. My daughter was really hungry and wanted some chicken nuggets (yes, I disapprove of chicken nuggets in all shapes and forms but decided once in a while is OK). We ate inside. When we opened the door I noticed it was almost as hot inside as it was outside. It was so hot in there!! Do they not have air conditioning? I know McDonalds is low budget but that is ridiculous!   No one was speaking English behind the counter and when that happens I don't know why but I always feel like they are talking about me because I can't understand them. My Spanish is very limited.   After my daughter finished her meal we went up to get her a snack McFlurry. It is advertised for $1.00 but in the small print it says with a meal. Since we had purchased two meal I thought that qualified but that's not the case. You have to order it when you order your meal. Really? Why is that? What kind of Nazi made that rule and then sticks to it? Why would you order it with the meal just to have it sit there and melt in the stifling hot smelly eating area? Makes no sense. This place is just stupid with stupid people running it. My daughter was really looking forward to the McFlurry but after we were told we would have to pay full price even she understood why I almost flipped them off then walked out the door.

Went to get a frappe and got the wrong one and told the Manger and she took the whip cream off and put new on and tried to give it to me and I said I wanted a new one she said she was not making one very bad customer service  I wish I could give no stars

Terrible service in the drive thru today. Had to sit in line for 15 mins, to just get sodas, then were told need to pull up and wait....

I come here multiple times a week and get an iced coffee. The ladies in the morning are fantastic!  Quick, friendly service every time. The coffee is always made perfect and they are always happy to see me, one lady even knows my name. Great job!

Me and my family went to McDonald's today and the service was super slow. I had to wait half an hour to get a happy meal for my kid. Then when they had finally gave us our food we left. And on the way out we saw a rat running out of the restaurant behind us.

Terrible service. App offered a deal, but not honored at this McDonald's.  Condescending attitude as well. Never had good service here, why do I keep coming back? ugh. Hello Pizza Hut!

Unorganized inconsistent timely rude lack of training. I've been there several times, you never know what kind of experience you're going to get. In short I hate this place compared to any other McDonald's

I ordered  4 mcdoubles for my family during a non peak hour in the evening, got home and discovered one only had one Patty, two cheese slices and one with two patties and a bite out of one. I have a picture but Yelp can't upload it.    This location regularly shorts orders, gets them wrong, is slow in their process.   Please check each item you order every time you go.   I use this facility and the others run by the same management company in the area sparingly.   But sometimes it is necessary

No ice. Half of the soft drinks are out. Tables are filthy. Bathroom is limited function. Staff is courteous as they apologize!

Hands down worst McDonald's we've ever visited. Fairly nice employees, but: - slow service: the place was almost empty, but it took nearly 20 minutes to get our food - low quality ingredients: my prepackaged side salad was filled with wilted iceberg and dry carrot shavings - inconvenient: you have to ask for them to unlock the bathrooms, and you have to show a receipt for refills - poor service: they were out of water cups (even though they just gave one to the guy before me), and wouldn't give me something else for water instead

Had to use the drive thru, because I was on a road trip with my puppies, and it is just too darn hot in NV to leave them in the car for any reason.  That said, I got an iced coffee and some fries, as that was all I could find on the menu that was vegetarian.  Now I remember why I don't go here.  Then I realized, if I could have only found a Taco Bell, I could have had real food!

I really don't like McDonalds in general. But in a moment of weakness, I stopped here in the middle of a long road trip. The kids were hungry and tired and we didn't want to spend any time driving around, looking for food. I wish we had looked a little more.  We had an awful experience. Not only was the place very dirty, but the food was terrible. The chicken sandwiches we got were very dry and tasted like some cleaning product that should have been rinsed off the grill. The fries were cold and withered.  This was my first visit to McD in at least 5 years. It will be at least that long before I try McD again.

If I could 0 stars I would. Went through the drive thru, lady was very slow. Asked for crispy wrap and they gave me grilled. Asked for extra sweet n sour sauce and they gave one extra with 4 combo meals ordered.

Horrible Service- to the extent that I had to come on and write about a mcdonalds... Lol

The worst mc Donald's in Las Vegas trust me I love here. I been there many times because I use to go to school down the street from there and every single time, every single time, they gave me the wrong order or didn't give me my drink or had to wait 20 minutes for my order. To make it worst the drive thru is not fast by any means either, ur looking at at least 15 minutes over the limit. It's on a busy location but they don't seem to care because the place is always dirty, napkins on the floor and ketchup all over the tables; to make it worse the restrooms are disgusting. If you are hungry don't go here at all, at all!!! No customer service and dirty as hell location

This is the worse McDonalds ever. How does this place every time I come here get my order wrong. How hard is it to make two plain cheeseburgers plain meaning Meat, Cheese, and Bun. I'll never come to this one again in my lifetime and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.

So after looking at some reviews I could say improvements were made. I wanted something from the Lunch Menu and I asked. The person taking my order goes sure but its about a 10 min wait. Caught me off guard. I really appreciate when a company/ business will go out of their way for the customer. Most McDonalds would have said: Sorry breakfast only until 10:30 am.

Agree, worst McDonalds ever. Not only did they mess up our order, they messed up the order before ours.

Came in at 1015 they served me lunch even though it didn't start until 1030. However the bathrooms were disgusting, an employee walked out after using the restroom and did nothing about it knowing it was dirty.

Status upon arrival: Hungover, Starving, Filthy, 3 hours of sleep.  Even though McDonalds is known to be fast food as in fast service, we love to request our Angus burgers fresh upon order. (waiting the extra 10 minutes) Okay, so we starved more than we had to, but finally after receiving our food, the first thing my cousin noticed was how old the patties were. Little did they know my cousin worked at McD's for over two years.  If your going to give us crap anyways, give a lame excuse instead of having your customers starve for no reason. This branch definitely failed to meet our hunger satisfaction.

I bought a filet-o-fish and asked for a large cup of ice. They charged me $1 for a cup of ice...fail!

7/12/14 @12:15 had lunch here! Everyone & everything was on point. I've had so many bad experiences at Mc Donalds but for these guys I decided to make a yelp account just for this! Chicken nuggets and fries were perfectly crispy and the whole drive through crew was amazingly nice and they got our order right which is a gigantic plus in my book. Thanks for making our stay in Vegas even better! Going again today! Hehehe

Worst McDonalds in Vegas! Bad service consistently and sloppy made food. 3 trys and still crap. WTF! I am sure the hobo's panhandling outside could do better. They seriously must go out of the way to fuck things up. I just want to know what other McDonalds this Franchisee owns so I can avoid those also.

Worst McDonald's ever. It's not the fact that they can never seem to get my order right, but trying to get it corrected is more hassle than its worth. Food is usually cold anyway. But it's  their management that's the worst. They treat you like the idiot, when it's their fault to begin with. If you call the posted customer service number, don't bother it's a recording and still have not received a callback. Avoid at all costs.

Slowest McDonalds in the valley running on 4 years. Other than that satisfactory experiences.

McDonald's currently under construction.    Hopefully they retain the staff after it is complete.  Fairly friendly and typical service.  This was the only McDonald's I knew that served burgers all day.

You cant use other McDonalds receipt coupons here. I have always been able to buy one and get one with the receipt coupon at various stores/ locations.   Judging my your reviews on yelp, you should really address the issues that make your business not a success. Stop nickel and doming everybody. Listen to your customers!

fries were soggy and disgusting! never going back!!!! Employees were unprofessional. .

Horrible. Worst McDonald's ever. I don't understand how the machines can always be broken. I stop for a hot chocolate, but no the machine is broken. I stop for a smoothie, but no the machine is broken. I stop for a cookie, but no the machine is broken. I stop for a sundae, but no the machine is broken. I wonder if the machines are really always broken or if these people are just idiots. Officially done with this place.

Worst service ever but the still are busy.  Clearly they are understaffed and management is lacking. Nice kids work here not their fault. The building has been remodeled and has a nice look and feel. BUT the service sucks.

I have been to this McDonald's one too many times.  More times than not there service is sub-standard even for a McDonald's.  I had made the decision to not go back, however they were supposedly under new management after their remodel.  Guess again, they either rehired the same idiots or just trained new ones to be that dumb.  Today the manager was extremely rude about a mistake her worker made while taking the order.  It took 3 times of her refunding and reordering to get it right.  How hard is to ring in 3 items (none of which were a Quarter Pounder) and get it wrong and different totals.  No apology only a sarcastic, Are you happy now! remark.  And just a note, you CANNOT get your drink large at this McDonald's without upsizing the entire meal.  Come on McDonald's, get your  act together.

Good service, excellent team, treated me appropriately and got me food to me in excellent time!

I can't believe I am even reviewing a McDonalds but it had to be done.   I just went in for an iced nonfat coffee. When I got to the 2nd window the guy handed me the coffee hot. I corrected him politely and said that I ordered it iced. He rolled his eyes and took the coffee back. Next thing I know he hands me an iced cup... With the SAME HOT COFFEE IN IT with melted ice floating around.   Was it really SO MUCH WORK to remake me an iced coffee how I ordered it the right way? When I asked if he had just put ice in the same hot coffee he said Well it comes out hot anyway. That's a complete lie. He was just too lazy and rude to remake it.   By the time I got home (3 mins away) it was melted, watered down and lukewarm. I called the location and spoke to the manager (some lady with broken English) and she kept interrupting me and just telling me to come back and get it the right way.   No thanks, no sense in driving back there and giving them any more business. I will never return here again. That guy should be fired. Horrible customer service!! Stay away!!!

Absolutely horrible!! Every. Single. Time. That I go there my order gets messed up. Once, all I ordered was two drinks, and they STILL messed it up. How!?!?

The experience at this location was always terrible. Bad food and bad service. Within the month they have made some major changes, new employees with better attitude and welcoming smiles. Service is much faster and quality of food is getting better. This is a nice clean location and I enjoy relaxing here, I am so glad they have stepped their game. THANKS

Worst service ever. Waited 15 minutes drive thru . No sign at all staring broke. Pull up to window ordered 2 10 piece meals, cashier States 8.00 I explain are you sure you have my order correct. I went over again! She said yes, we received 2 kids meals . Manager has no customer service and not competent

I usually don't take the time to review fast food restaurants this one deserve it customer service is awful the food is awful the drinks as well are awful how can you mess with a drink I don't know ask them. They are always busy but yet Lack customer service I don't think I've ever gone to McDonalds that is as horrible as this one enough said will not return

I was just held hostage in the Drive Thru window for 25 minutes!  No way out once in line because of the curbing. And no apologies once we finally got up there. They weren't even sure what our order was.  Terrible service...

The cashier messed up our order but Elijah came to the rescue and fixed everything. I really like his attitude and his work ethic. Please make sure he knows he's doing a great job.  :)

Without question the worst McD's in the history of America.  My first visit to the drive through was so bad. it should have been on video.  If I could prove it, I would say that the entire staff was really stoned.  It took 5 people to get my order of an ice cream cone.  Most bizarre experience ever. Second visit very similar.  However, this time, only saw one employee that looked and acted stoned.  My order?  Completely wrong. Third visit?  Actually not bad. No one seemed stoned.  Everyone seemed normal.  Order still screwed up. I go to a McD's in Tempe all the time, and they sometimes mess up my order, but when they do, they ALWAYS catch it before they give it to me.  Prior to moving, I used to go to a different one, that never screwed anything up. So, why can't this place get their act together?

This McDonald's it's the WORST.  I asked for their special 2 sausage biscuits for 3.33.  I proceeded to the second window..  They told me it's a special order and I'd have to wait a few min. Okay special order??? How do?! You are advertising it!!!!a few min turned into 10 minutes!  They should have told me at the order box that it would take longer. I would have gotten something else or gone elsewhere.  Slowest shittiest service

AVOID THIS PLACE!  Many other McDonald's are better than this one. I have even been denied water here because I was told I was holding up the line.   My apple pies are always bad and they rip off the label of the time they expire.   All around horrible management and expect at least a 5 minute wait in the drive through. Going in is quicker.

1 1/2 stars? I don't think it was that bad. Food was served hot, the bun was not a hockey puck and it did not take a long time to come out.   Are expectations for fast food increasing that much?

Stay away at all costs. The last couple of trips thru the drive thru, everytume the order has been wrong. Of course you dont find this out till you get home. Diet Coke given instead of regular coke(which was ordered) and they are very stingy with the fries. Always 1/2 filled. Drive up to Burger King right up the street.

I supposed each shift manager should have the basic knowledge on the promotional details at any McDonald's, but I guess I was wrong. We figured to try out their new promotion to create your signature recipes sandwich with free medium drink and free medium fries. But obviously it took awhile for the shift manager to check on the promotional sign with the answer to us, The computer is not showing the special. Then we asked, Did you see the sign by the drive-thru? He said, Yes. But the computer is not showing it. So I basically told him to take the order off (2 sandwiches with the special deals), except for the large ice coffee. Suggestion from the corporate? I do not know. All I know is that I cannot fix their computer system nor tell the shift managers what to do.

This place is without a doubt the worst McDonald's location in North Phoenix. Management needs to be replaced. No competent manager(s) would have employees like that.. It's sad and slightly disturbing that these young adolescent employees can't communicate or listen at a level that would be sufficient enough to properly provide a service at arguably one of the easiest lowest common denominator jobs in America. The funny thing is I don't even eat their garbage unhealthy dog shit food.. Unsweetened Ice Tea and Iced Coffee (no sugar and creamer) and I would say that it has a 60% success rate with those two things.. Even if the order is correct, it takes too long and the employees have a demeanor as if they've been sniffing pills in the bathroom.. Hi, how are you, Thank you and enjoy your day with a smile on your face and that's it. But I don't see that. I honestly feel like this McDonald's location deliberately hires special needs kids with disabilities. I'm not even trying to be disrespectful cuz that's the only way I can rationalize what I'm observing. Either they're incompetent morons that weren't drug tested or they have disabilities. If you have enough brain cells to know what good service actually means then go to this disgraceful location then go to the one next to P.V Mall.. Night and day..

This is by far the worst McDonalds location I've ever been too. I wish I could give 0 star. As others stated they seem to always screw up the order.   They consistently 100% so far have screwed up every meal I've ordered. I've gone in complained and they complain back or scoff at you. Tonight was the breaking point. I order 2 kids meals for my kids, a VERY simple order. They rang it up incorrectly for 2 burger happy meal (1 should be nugget like the damn screen said) and assured it would be served correctly a window.   Trusting them and not checking I drive home to find out, 1 order is a burger instead of nuggets. No straws, Fries missing on one order and onions on both burgers which I explicitly said no ONION. 1 simple request. This has happened multiple times at this location and I have had enough. I will not be returning here. Maybe a drug test or two is needed because the same employees consistently screw up everything between communication as well as serving the order. I am sick and tired of having to go back or inside to redeem my correct order while being treated like I was the one who did something wrong. FIX THIS ISSUE.   Disgusting location. Complete waste of money and very disappointed kids for a quick easy dinner on a busy night. This location needs help very badly, from management to simple employee listening skills. FAIL FAIL. Fight for 15 my ass.

We started going to this location as soon as it was built because it was really close to our home. After the first two visits after opening, the staff changed and everything went downhill. At this point, it's reached the bottom of the hill and burrowed into the ground!  There have maybe been two or three times when they have remembered to put all the items ordered into my bags in the drive thru. Four out of the last five times I have gone through the drive thru, I've had to pull back around front and go inside to get my remaining items that were just sitting in the sandwich holding area! They just say sorry and give them to me, but never fix the issue for the future!  The food is always sloppy and the buns are usually burnt black. I know stuff isn't going to look like the commercials, but I don't want to eat something that looks like dog food between two carbon crusted pucks of bread! This isn't a review of all McDonald's, just this location. DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION! The service is terrible, the food is terrible, and every experience I've had there is terrible! I hope corporate steps in and cleans out the staff to get a crew that actually cares.

Sucks, don't bother weekday morning breakfast..you'll be stuck in line 20 min! I have tested this several times. Done

This has to be the worst McDonalds I've been to in 20 years... and I've eaten at many bad Micky D's.  Food is always cold and old.  Orders are correct about 50% of the time.  Employees are always rude.  Such a shame.  I've just moved to the neighborhood and unfortunately this is my McDonalds.  But it's not completely hopeless.  My previous McDonalds in Fort Lauderdale was a poorly managed franchise too.  A couple of complaints to corporate headquarters fixed that place in a jiffy!  Don't bother calling the franchise, look for the corporate complaint number on your bag and call.  Franchisees HATE when you call corporate headquarters and they will be forced to improve or risk losing their franchise.

Worst McDonald's I have ever been. Unfortunately is close to my house and if I want something quick when I'm in a rush I stop there. Every time there is something missing from my order. They are extremely slow and are constantly out of products such as dressing for the salads. I give this place 2 thumbs down and hope management fixes the laziness of its employees and the quality of food even for a fast food chains standards. Just horrible!

Terrible customer service. Tonight I wanted to treat my kids to a small ice cream cone after an event. The line wasn't too bad. Ordered, they told us their machine was down. Great. We couldn't get out of the drive through line at that point and we had to wait for 25 MINUTES to finally get to the front of the line. I asked them if they would like to do anything to justify our wait. The manager, Maricela, was so rude. I suggested they might want to give us some coupons for an ice cream next time and she said they have no coupons. This McDonalds obviously knows nothing about customer service. We won't return.

Worst Run McDonald's I have been too. They cannot get orders right most of the time. The fries (the reason you go to McDonald's) are fried too long and in bad oil. They have a sour taste and are soggy and limp. The burgers are sloppily thrown together and the patty is served cold. The managers are uninvolved and let these young employees stand around and gossip instead of assisting you or preparing the orders. I have witnessed customers complain in person to no avail.  The drive through is even worse! To get your order showing correctly on the screen usually take no less than three re-dos. Paying is ok but definitely count your change. The drinks are stuck out the window at you and no words are uttered. Then the glass window is shut as you wait 5-7 minutes for your order. You get excited thinking wow my food is all going to be hot and fresh. NOT! When you get it you realize that you were dreaming.   I waited two months before writing this so I would not complain or rant over just one experience. But tonight was the sixth time in a little over two months now that I have gone there and hated the entire experience.   The real crime is that I have lived in the area over 40 years and for most of that time it was a great McDonalds to eat in or pick up from.   Keep driving North there is another one at Greenway on the North East corner.

Ordered a sausage egg mcmuffin this morning. Got home. No egg. On a friggin egg mcmuffin. Mctarded.

The worst McDonald's ever. They never get the order right. They are slow. And speak horrible English!

The fries tend to be warm and a little mushy.  The drive thru is slow during lunch.      The last time there was a drive-through delay, they gave me a free apple pie which was very nice even though the fries were still warm and soggy.   Their hamburgers have always been good and their service staff is really nice. They have such a nice location and a modern  building but their food prep needs improvement

I always enjoyed this place prior to its remodel. The staff was always nice,Now I must say its the worst McDonald's EVER! They never seen to get my order right, food is always cold and never fresh. For all who want to complain I finally was able to get a correct phone number. (602-404-9785) Spoke to the so called manager Mariciela, while I was explaining the situation she was not even paying attention just giggling while I was speaking. Didn't seem to even care. NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE FOR ANYTHING, EVEN IF ITS FREE. Just wish I could give a negative stars.

Ridiculous. I cant go to this location anymore. I had to call to ensure someone knows I am upset. Four out of five times the wife and I have been disappointed. We have received burgers with no cheese, no pickles, the wife and I ordered a quarter pounder with extra cheese and instead it was meat between two buns... no ketchup, no pickle, just meat and bread. Another time ordered $20 of food asked for some buffalo sauce and was declined because we had not bought chicken nuggets... that was a hoot. Tonight we recieved no pickles on two quarter pounder. So we will not be back to this establishment for sometime. Hope they correct their lack of attention to detail soon. This location is close to home and we would love to continue to stuff our faces with their food. When you don't get what you ordered, you wasted tou money.

Went in with my mom and son to get some lunch. I ordered a sweet chili chicken wrap. They gave me a 10 piece nugget... With.. Then my son orders a mighty kids meal double cheese burger only ketchup. They give him a cheeseburger.. The tea was so weak it tasted like water. I will never go back to that McDonalds.....

Yes, I know, it's what you get when you just don't want all the drama of Einstein's, the time for one of the only two decent breakfast places we have in the valley or hearing at the Starbucks drive thru, oh we're sorry, we're out of that breakfast.  So here's the latest way McDonalds order takers F with you:   Hello can I help you? Egg McMuffin please [long pause] Then I say Could I have an order of hotcakes? [long pause] Hello can I help you? I repeat everything Anything else? Then I say Could I have a bacon egg and cheese biscuit? [long pause] Did you get the last item? [long pause] Anything else? Did you get, [and I repeat everything again] [long pause] Second window please  Needless to say I only got half my order, oh well.  Next time, I'm going to mumble and see if that works better :)

This is absolutely the worst McDonald's ever. They cannot take an order properly. They cannot follow directions. When asked to make a correction they get angry with the customer. 7 years worth of complaints to management has made no difference in accuracy, quality or attitude.

This is probably the worst McDonald's I've ever been to in my life. 30 minute wait in the drive-through line orders are never right and the phone number on the receipt doesn't even work. This place either needs new management or just needs to be torn down and made into a Taco Bell or Jack-in-the-Box.

Standard McDonalds. Clean, friendly staff. Quick drive through service. Yummy smoothies & hot fudge sundaes

I was told I couldn't order certain menu items because they were closing in  ten minutes. Like is that a joke? So we drove to another McDonalds that closed at the same time and got the food. Lazy workers.

food is always cold, never prepared right, the workers are rude, especially someone by the name of laurie and the manager ALMA,  dirty place.

So I went to McDonalds last Wednesday. The drive thru was pretty busy, so I decided to go inside. Yeah, it's dinner time and it seemed like the crew was more focused on the drive thru and could care less about guests @ the register! When we finally got our order taken, we had to wait, and wait and wait! The crew was still focused on the drive thru and guests in the dining room still had to wait to have their order taken & food handed out. When we got home the fries were cold and very salty. Blah!   So on Saturday, I figured I would try them again. I was certain it was their dinner time rush from my last visit . This time I was smart and went to the drive thru. I ordered double cheese burgers no pickles and french fries. The burgers still had pickles on them & the fries were cold and salty again!  The store may look nice and refreshed but I won't be loving it at this places!

Dear McDonald's,  I know you're not good for me. Actually, we ALL know you're bad for us .. but why, are you so f-ing good?!  You're especially tempting on those Sunday afternoons, when I don't feel like cooking. That's when you're really tasty. Especially after smoking a big fat bowl ... mmm ...   I try to stay away from you. It's your smell. It's the way you give me the same food, every single time. It's never a surprise, and I'm never really disappointed. Every so often your fries are soggy and gross, but I forgive you. The sauce oozing out of my McChicken makes me forget how crappy your fries are.  I wish you'd stop sending me those '2 can dine for $8.99' coupons in the mail. They make me angry, and I feel bad for the environment, so I always keep your coupons .. and sometimes even end up using them. So for that, I hate you, and your strategic marketing campaigns. It's like you *know* when I'm eating well and exercising regularly, as that's when you come out tempt me ...   I will probably see you in a couple of weeks, so with that, I look forward to our next encounter.  Sincerely,  L. PS. I love you especially at this location, because you don't make me move my lazy ass to get my food - i just reach out the window.

Typical busy night at a downtown Toronto McDonalds. Loads of inebriated people just looking for a quick bite.  From what I remember, the food were ordered was hot and as fresh as possible ;)  Was a bit creeped out by the man passed out inside of his t shirt at the table beside us, but he was just minding his own business and having a kitten nap.  Thanks Mickey D's!!

This location purposely serves ruined/spoiled burgers.  They have repeatedly served burgers that were clearly kept on the grill way past when they were supposed to be thrown out, burgers that are dry and chewy and taste like cardboard.  Don't go here.

Didn't think I'd be reviewing McDonald's lol, but had to for this location. I've been here a few times before, usually to grab something really, really quick before going back to class at Toronto Western Hospital. The food is standard, lalala, but the service is really inconsistent. Honestly, the cashiers really do try to make the process as streamline as possible, but when I was there for dinner tonight it felt like chaos all over the place. Customers were given the wrong orders by accident, cashiers were not sure of what was still in stock (and still got it wrong despite checking with the back kitchen), no one except the manager seemed to know how to use the machines to look up previous orders or for refunds. Overall, the service was polite and sincere, but disorganized.  The venue is not super clean in part because of the customer flow and the area, which is a little bit sketchy not going to lie, but I've yet to experience a family-friendly McDonald's in downtown Toronto.  P.S. Did you know a full-size salad at McDonald's is ~$9 including tax?? Madness. No wonder obesity

Ordered a 10 piece McNuggets combo for a quick lunch only to find 9 pieces of McNuggets. How dare they.

As a person who enjoys a drink in the afternoon, the first thing which struck me was the lack of single malts at this restaurant.  The second thing which struck me was the lack of any alcohol whatsoever.  I turned and walked out.  For shame gentlemen!

Yep! It's a McDonald's. In spite of their best efforts to create the most uncomfortable seating arrangements possible, this McDonald's attracts all morning visits from those who can afford to purchase a senior coffee and need a place to hang out.  If you do find a seat, you will likely have to move your feet for a broom or cover your mouth while some spray cleaner is being used right by you.  Another difficulty here is the ordering layout. There is simply not enough room for those waiting to order and those waiting on food-the layout is wonky.  Final gripe- it is tough to navigate the uncharges for things like a small soft drink instead of a coffee with breakfast combos, or similar challenges discerning what might be a 2$ summer drink special in a small size, but a 3.89 charge in a medium. They don't try to help you. And no, it won't be debit, it is credit!   Once you get past these challenges, the management here seems to try to connect with customers and manage the chaos. In several visits the fries have been hot, as have the burgers.

The staff here (especially the tall one) are extremely judgmental.  I'm sorry I burped okay?  OKAY???  It's not my fault the bourbon occasionally repeats on me.  Also, it's not my responsibility to remember when shamrock shakes are and are not available.  I mean Jesus Christ... Maybe if you HAD a minty shake available more often, your PAYING CUSTOMER's accidental burps would not seem so offensive to your upturned noses.  1 star only for the excellent filet o' fish, which I quite enjoyed.

I love this location for one reason: DRIVE THRU!  And not only that, the most whack drive thru of all time.  I have nearly crashed my car into the menu, the speaker, the yellow poles that are supposed to keep you from crashing into the wall, the wall, the drive thru andd potentially the Ronald McDonald Foundation's plastic change collectors located beneath the drive thru window.  The set up is terrible but it is so convenient.  Especially when you're a McDonald's addict like me.  During rainstorms I have driven over from Yorkville...yes, I am that person.  Sometimes I just want my McDonald's and I want it immediately if not sooner.  This location always makes it sooner.  Please note, I have never been inside.

McDonald's is my favorite restaurant in the world. Not ashamed of that, either.   The experiences at this location, hands down over the last 2 years, have been consistently poor. It's not where it physically is, the parking, the food, it is...the staff. They are awful.   I keep coming back- because it has drivethru. Its almost comical how poor a handle of the English language each person on the intercom.   This is the only location I've been to that requires 6x as long to place an order, and 1/3 times, the order is wrong. Never drive away until you check the bag.   Management at this location needs to spend less money on renovations and more on better hiring practices.

This is one of the few McDonald's restaurants in Toronto with a drive-thru. As such, I often end up here as a drunk passenger or, embarassingly, a completely sober driver in need of some nuggets. Don't judge me.  The drive-thru is a throwback to days of yore when they employed two separate windows: one for payment and the other for food delivery. And more than that, it sucks. The angles are treacherous, and if you're in a vehicle larger than a Smart Car, your fenders and paint job are at risk. It's like wearing a greased up wetsuit and clambering through a heating duct. It requires surgical precision to successfully navigate this pick up window, and when I have a violent McCraving I can't be blamed if I blast through a building facade in an SUV.  I highly recommend the hot mustard sauce.  Obligatory Title Pun: McNUGGET of wisdom: walk in instead.  Menu Readability: I find the drive-thru menu really confrontational.   Need to mention: Why do they spell it thru and not through? How has no one called them on this?  What this place teaches me about myself: I am so glad I don't own a car.

After not getting into Sneaky Dee's we ventured down to McDonald's to prolong the time until she inevitably would barf (and then I would subsequently barf because the smell of barf is just the worst).   Though she was unable to determine for the bouncer how many drinks she had had, she was able to promptly order a giant mcFlurry and use her debit to pay for it and have me eat half of it, also a cheeseburger. She may have tried to start a fight with a group of teens I can't really remember.   Everyone at McDonald's is so nice. I feel like I have made life long friends. I also slipped on ice outside here one time and that was PRETTY EMBARRASSING.

I've tried to give this McDonalds a chance but my patience has run out. The only reason why I came here as much as I did is because I like the $1 iced coffees. But it's not even worth it. This McDonalds is poo and so is most of the staff.   Whenever I want to go through the drive-thru I can't because there is a line of cars wrapped half away around the building. And even when the line is shorter there's always a hold up of some sort. So most of the time I just park and go inside the restaurant.   Today was a horrible day. I ordered an iced coffee (no cream or sugar) and a chocolate chip cookie. It only takes 30 seconds to fill a cup with coffee and 30 seconds to take a cookie out of the case. I waited 10 minutes!! Sorry but that's too long just to get a coffee and a cookie! It's not like I ordered a meal! During that time I saw people come in after me and get their milkshakes and iced coffees within two minutes! WTH?! I told the petite sleepy eyed cashier I wanted my money back! Her eyes opened wide in surprise, like I really woke her up or something. She said,Youre the one who ordered the iced coffee? I can get it for you! For real? She was the one who took my order! I told her I waited too long and I just want my money back. The manager offered to make my iced coffee, but  I refused because I had just had enough.  There are *few* employees there who work hard but everyone else is dragging their feet. There is no organization or teamwork, everyone is scrabbling. It looks like none of them want to be there. I used to work in fast food and I know it sucks, but come on!  I'm sorry but I can't recommend this Mcdonalds. It's poo. I'm not coming back here anymore. Guess I'll be going to Starbucks- and their iced coffees taste better anyway!

Eat at your own risk. The service is terrible, the staff seem to be generally clueless, the management is inclined to blame the staff for their own mistakes, and there's no sense of FAST in their fast food. When we came, half of the menu board was still on breakfast, and it was 4:30p. The only thing they have going for them is that the food is hot and tastes just like McDonald's should.   Then again, the franchise is owned by Rice, and I've come to take terrible service is their MO.

I've been to a lot of McDonald's in my time, this is the worst. Service was unbelievably slow, only frowns all around and not very clean. Just skip this one and you will be better off.

Best McDonald's I have been to! Everyone is so sweet and friendly! The drive through line was long but i got theough super fast. There were even napkins in the bag (which never even happens.) It wasnt always that good, i used to go to Wendy's to avoid the rude workers. But, it's great now!

If you want to wait 10 min in the drive thru for a screwed up order,   this is the place for you!

This McDonald's has never been that great, but last night they reached an all time low. I ordered a big Mac and large fries. It was obvious that the fries were old and they refried them to heat them up. The bun of the big Mac was so stale, it was almost rock hard and most of the lettuce was turning brown. I have officially given up on going here. I'll drive the extra distance to go to the one in Oakland from now on.

This was a great McDonalds!  My sausage and cheese biscuit was seriously delicious and cost $1.42  Nice dining area, clean.  Very friendly manager.  Not a big fast foodie but a cheap and filling breakfast on the go is sometimes a necessity.  Winner!

looooong wait, always screws up my orders. poor customer service. was going to hire me but said I had to go somewhere else to do my orientation.

Worst mcdonalds i have ever been to. Last time i went chicken nuggets were under cooked. People were getting refunds wait time was so long. My daughter asked for gogurt w happy meal got apples had to wait 10 min to change to gogurt. Soda is watered down and gross. Rude staff doesnt know what they are doing. Will never go back even though its the closest one to me.

Sometimes good and sometimes bad. There are better fast food places in the area that have similar or better food options.

Just went through the drive thru for a coffee and both the young woman cashier and the young man who made my drink were very friendly.  The man who made my drink even asked me if I wanted to try it before driving away to make sure it tasted the way I wanted it to. I can't speak to the food, as I've never eaten at this location, but I was very impressed with the staff!

My expectations for McDonalds are t rarely high. But for one to still fail so spectacularly...that takes something special! The cashier took my friends's order, then promptly ignored me. I had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me. I waited over five minutes for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid's meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food, I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for serving off their orders when they didn't have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls, and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards. The manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn't make sure that I had everything ON MY RECEIPT, and never even had the decency to apologize that I felt I was getting poor service. I've eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I've worked at more than one location. I expect bad days, bad moods, and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!

This McDonald's is so bad it's amazing.    Order:  Big mac, large fries, diet coke.  The soda machine was broken.   No sodas.  Then I got to the window.  We rang you up for medium fries.   (Not what I asked for)  Well, if you want a large, you're gonna have to wait 4 minutes.  We just started a new batch.  Left with:  Big mac, medium fries, no coke.  Actually, now that I think about it, this was one of my better experiences there...

Hands down the worst McDonald's. I mean horrible. The wait is bad but the service is the worst I've seen. They don't even talk-no telling you your total no have a nice day-NOTHING.

I should be able to give this McDonalds 0 stars.  If they had an award for worst McDonalds in and around Pittsburgh this would take the cake.  It blows my mind too.  Being in the Waterfront a manager could make this place shine but there's no polishing a turd.  P*ss poor service, a filthy dining room, filthy bathrooms, attitudes by the workers... If I had to give a real world example of what Misery loves company meant, I would take you here and make you order food and sit down and eat.  If McDonalds depended on this one to do good they would of went out of business years ago.  I've gonna here a dozen times and 11 and a half times had the worst experience and the worst food I ever had from a McDonalds.  I'm sorry to be this harsh but you know what, no I'm not sorry.  This McDonalds ruined some of my best days and everyone needs to know to stay away.  I'd rather a second Chik Fil A at the Waterfront than this place.    Stay away.  Far far far far away.  Don't even look at this place, cover the side of your face and just keep driving.  There's nothing to see here.

Service was a bit slow but the food was just what you would expect from McDonalds!  Everyone was very friendly and the bathroom was clean...which made my 5 year old very happy!

i visit this Mickee Dees if I'm in the Walmart, however every time I go here I keep saying to myself that I'll get in my car and go elsewhere.  The reason.....the staff. The cashiers are not friendly...they stand there and wait for you to order...no greeting..no can I take your order...nada.  On my last visit they were particularly surly...I get we all have bad days, but as a patron, I shouldn't be made to feel as though I was the cause of your latest break-up. As this particular store is inside a Walmart, seating can be an issue as it's very small. Food is ok as far as fast food is concerned. It's McDonald's...you know what you're getting.

What is up their butts at this Mcdonalds?! The staff is always so grumpy. Located inside the cr*ppy Walmart is a cr*ppy Mcdonalds, but again close to work. I have never had a problem with their food, I just find their staff is always unhappy! Food and McCafe beverages have always been good at this location, Front counter staff has always been unfriendly. Cheer up!

people actually review McDees? whats there to rate... its MacDonalds......so since im here...the poutine sucks and the big Mac...well it tastes like a big Mac..what did you expect? Why do you alsways have to ask for ketchup? Is this where they make their billions?

had high hopes trying this new McDonald's location. Supposed to have new high-tech ordering features, but was I disappointed. Starting from the counter where you order we waited 7 minutes for someone to realize there were four people in line waiting to take order. Then we couldn't find a table that wasn't sticky or dirty or have napkins and other peoples garbage on it. When we do sit down and begin eating we hear the overhead music that's playing in the restaurant is some type of  ghetto rap, with lyrics that say sitting alone at home on the bathroom floor hungry have to have sex with a man for a little bit of money! Somehow I don't think that is a Ronald McDonald theme song, just my thought as for the food hamburgers had very little amount of condiments hardly any ketchup onions they were almost there, the Italian tasty that they were selling the chicken was dry and dark and hard I would not order it again

McDonald inside Walmart extremely dirty. From drinks to serviette area has trash over flow. Ketchup all over the counter. NONE of the table at seating area is clean. The only good thing about this location is no line up.

Every Time I go to this location, I get the worst service. Every time I go through the drive-thru, something is wrong with my order! I am not even making complicated orders. Also, my food is never got, always Luke warm. It might me due to the fact they are not very busy. However, breakfast is served all day, which is a plus.

Worst McDonalds in the area. Staff is rude, food is always cold, and they always get orders wrong!

The McDonalds has very good service and ever time we have a problem they fix it. It's probably one of the best McDonalds in the area, though I wouldn't go out of the way to go there but if your close its a good cheap option

Worst McDonalds ever.  We get breakfast at this restaurant on Sundays sometimes because is the closest one to hour house.  But the service is horrible and the restaurant is always dirty with flies everywhere.  What a shame.

This McDonald's will succumb to the lowest of expectations you did not realize you had. They operate one drive through at a time despite having two lines. Rest assured the one functioning line will mess up your order as much as they humanly can! Honestly, you're better off going to local cvs and asking for a number one meal with a Coke. Or drive to another location. Terrible service.

This place stinks.   I will not go there anymore.   Messes up my order everytime I go there.   Sloppy prep with the food.   Service is slow.   Smothie machine is down 75% of the time I want one.

Horrible service. Last time I was here, two employees were outside smoking and cussing. One said she's been sick all day and felt like throwing up. It doesn't make you feel confident about the food. This time they gave us half the order. We don't move up here until after we check the order. We told them half was missing. The woman at the window accused us of taking things out even though she was watching the whole time. We asked for a manager. She didn't even listen to our issue. Horrible experience. Worst McDonald's I've ever been to.

Worst service and accuracy than any McDonalds I have ever been to. I can only name one time my order was correct and all I got was a McDouble and a Coke. Very slow at the ToGo window. You'd think if they were taking that long it must be to double check the orders.

What a total crap-hole! You want $15 an hour? F-n earn it ny doing something more than making sure that this is the LAST McDonald's you will EVER SEE ME IN! I've complained about this failure of a chain before, but this location is the pinnacle of suck! Avoid this turd - ball at all cost. Wish I could rate 0.

Every once in a while I want to eat McDonalds. I don't know why. But this particular location is horrible. The employees are friendly enough and that's about as good as it gets. The ice cream machine is ALWAYS ALWAYS down. Always. So frustrating.

HORRIBLE SERVICE, it is not unusual to wait in the drive thru for 10 min.  Forget going inside, even worse.  Hope another food service comes in soon.

Update: Haven't been in about 7 months. Thought a biscuit would be nice tonight since they just released the all day breakfast idea. Asked for a bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit and was told, We are out of biscuits and have to make them. Is there anything else I could get you? In a rude tone that told me they had no interest in making it. This was after she took my order wrong twice. I drove off. I just don't get it. Wrote corporate the first time, explaining everything that happened and not a soul contacted me (from the restaurant or from corporate) and now tonight's event. I will always choose something different than McDonalds from now on and advise anyone I come into contact with to not give this restaurant chain any business. Very poor service.

Look, it's a McDonalds so my expectations are low when I visit, but this location is ridiculous even by McD's standards.  The people have got to be the worst I've ever seen.  They are completely incompetent and can't seem to get even the basic things correct.  Can't punch in the orders correctly so you have to repeat yourself 3 or 4 times, the wait times are insane and to add insult to injury, the food is wrong.  This is a corporate location and any feedback / complaints will be completely ignored so don't waste your time trying to give them.

I mean its a greasy, fast food place so really you can't have super high expectations.  But somehow this place manages to frequently underdeliver.  I'd say 90% of the times I've been here the food is cold or stale tasting and the wait always seems to be so long at the drive through.  I try not to eat too much fast food anyway, and this McDonald's gives me another great reason to avoid it!

Half full fries every time guaranteed.  As much as this is a non issue for a fast food joint, it bothered me enough to complain on the Corp website.  They responded and apologized.  Still, half fries, no matter what size you order.

This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to on all levels . This is a corporate store which is surprising that it is this bad. We gave this rest 3 sticks and they are out.  I would recommend they sell this to a franchisee and let them run it with pride and quality...

This McDonalds has a friendly staff and the food is generally well prepared. When comparing this McDonalds to the one in Wesley Chapel, on Weddington Rd., it's much better in both customer service and food quality.

Unfortunately I didn't have the pleasure of reading these reviews beforehand and went here to get a Shamrock Shake and Double Quarter Pound Cheeseburgers.  I've had bad food, but never this bad. The meat in the burgers were burned, and tasted old and dry.  Fries were oddly tasteless and soggy.  The Shamrock Shake wasn't mixed well and had orange swirls near the bottom. Will not be back.

Love the convenient location, Def have to check your order before you go....but never any issues to have it corrected fast.  They take competitor coupons and priced lower on some items than ballantyne location.

Theres one thing they need to do to improve the service at this McDonalds. Fire everyone!!! The only thing worse than the service is the attitude of the people that work there. We were there this past Saturday at 9pm. We were the only customers inside....most of the tables were dirty, garbage was overflowing and several of the employees were standing around talking. At one point the drive thru line was 8 cars deep and they didn't seem to care. They move in slow motion. Worst McDonalds EVER!!!!!

The absolute WORST McDonald's location ever!!  Employees, especially management, absolutely lack customer service... enough said!  I have found them on at least two occasions to be quite rude with sass and unwelcomed facial expressions that easily provoke a customer to become irate once I get my food.    Most recently, both a manager and cashier copped an instant attitude when I questioned if my order was completed properly and accurately.  Let me get this straight... You have a problem with me question my order?  Especially after I have past experiences where I have not received the correct order?  And/or my order was filled incorrectly?  Really???  Ok, then I have a solution to that issue... I will no longer be a patron at this location!  It is literally around the corner from my residence, but I will gladly drive further and forego the poor attitude, the cold French fries, and getting a wrong order!!

The absolute slowest McDonald's in Charlotte!!! Drive thru is atrocious!! Either needs new management or needs to be shut down!!!

Terrible customer service from the night crew, completely fudged my order and then tried to tell me I was in the wrong. The young woman in the first window was on her cell phone the entire time.

I added a star for inside appearance with cozy fire place and very clean.   Took one off for lack of sufficient parking and chaotic way to line up for the drive through.  These shortcomings are surely the fault of the developer but ...  other than that it's your typical Macky Dees.

Convenient for the commuters heading up South Tryon towards Charlotte to get their coffee and McMuffins in the morning, this McDonald's comes complete with drive through. I've rarely seen it without a long queue as people seem to love their McD's.  I popped in for a bottle of water and a half hour of wifi while I waited for Mrs. K to get her hair did. The crew seemed capable enough and the restaurant was tidy.

Well, it's McDonald's so I don't expect much from this place.  The drive-thru is terrible. A lot of people will cut in as they pull in the wrong way. I suppose your typical McDonald's customer is stupid as well as inconsiderate. I've been here several times and have given up completely. If you're lucky you will get exactly what you ordered.   Thankfully there are plenty of other options nearby. They should burn this one down and build something that doesn't suck.

Somethings You Just Come To Expect With McDonald's. Customer Service Just Isn't One of Them.  Stopped Thru For Lunch And They Were A Little Busy.  When I Finally Was Able To Place My Order I Was Told The Credit Card Device Was Down.  I Simply Asked Why Was There Not A Sign Placed On The Door At Least To Inform Customers. In A Very Sarcastic Way The Lady Says Because We Are Busy...lol. Well Duhhh....

Worst McDonald's in Charlotte... maybe in the US?! Everyone is incompetent. I ordered an ice water and was rang up for a special request sweet tea. The food was ruined and burned to a crisp... not sure how that is even possible. 2 out of 2 times I've been there I had the worst experience from start to finish. The food was inedible/horrendous and matched the service and employees who are employed there.

Had the quarter lb deluxe, the bun was older than me it had a hard crunchy top And broke into little pieces when you bite it, I know it was frozen at one point and they dry up when defrosted, can't they keep them from drying out like that, no more macDonalds for a couple of months

Wow these people are so high maintenance.  Yes... The people do pull into the drive thru entrance the wrong way, but that's not the businesses fault. And duh the drive thru is going to take longer if you pull up at 12am!!! This is the best McDonald's location I have ever been to honestly. The people are really nice. Compare this to the fort mill location and you will have nothing to complain about!!!!

We can hardly avoid this place because of the kids. They know when we come to the drive thru sometimes twice on Saturdays. We get great service and the fries are always hot.

The drive thru takes forever!!! Literally waited about 30 minutes to get the food ! Really ?! Slowest service ever !!!!  I asked for sweet and sour but got ranch instead !!! Ugh how do u get ranch from sweet n sour ??!??!  Ordered an oatmeal and there's no spoon !!!! How do u expect to eat it ? With my fingers ?!?

Didn't receive dipping sauces I ordered. Not unusual for this location; however I made sure to specifically order them this time instead of asking at the window. They were $0.00 on the receipt. Picked up the food and was told I wasn't going to get them because I didn't pay for them.  Not a way to run a business. This customer will never return to this location. The owner is obviously more interested in food cost, than in retaining customers.

Had ordered a big Mac and jalapeno double and it is the first time I had to call and let them know how the food is. The big mac's lettuce was soggy and old and the jalapeno double had little to no sauce and three jalapeno slices. The fries were refried over and over cause they were Brown and way over salted. I called and the manager was super nice apologized and offered me two meals at no cost and never mentioned I needed a receipt because I had already told her I threw it away. She said she would just write down my name and put it in the books. I take up the offer on a different day and they don't know what I'm talking about, I pay but get home and the buns are burnt and the order was wrong again. I asked for no meat on the mcmuffin for my daughter and what do they add on, meat. Yeah I can take it off myself but the point is is obviously they do not listen to there customers or just don't pay attention, I mean every encounter there they always forget, or simply make a mistake. Either way I'm taking my business else where. Management is not organized and you can't trust their words! The crew is super nice though! I didn't want to have to post this or the pictures but they aren't listening so maybe they need to see it, pretty sure I wouldn't need a receipt now.

ok so yes they are new and yes it looks nice inside,but every time i go there my food is always i mean always wrong,and to make it ever worse is when you ask them to fix it and they still get it wrong, Thats pretty bad. And there are a few mangers there that just need to quit or be fired,they are rude ,they interrupt you when your tring to explain what was wrong.How does a sausage egg mcmuffin with no cheese turn into a ham egg and cheese biscut.

If I could give this place half a star or less then I would. Every time I come to visit, majority of the time there's something wrong with my order. But tonight takes the cake. It's not cool to sell a customer an expired item, especially when the label has the expiration date and time present on the product. I know the person is human and we make mistakes but it's not hard to check your dairy products' expiration dates to see if it's expired or not before you hand them to the customer. Especially since you serve milk and yogurt with your happy meals to children. My parfait was warm, the granola pack had maybe a pinch of granola in it (I know this they had no control over), and my happy meal came with no drink and fries. There just was all kinds of fuck ups and I'm just so annoyed/over with this location and their service.

All I have to say is that these damn people want $15 an hour and they can't get the simple things right.... Manager I just spoke to was also rude. I should have chewed this up and spit it back in the bag and got my money back.

This is got to be one of the worse McDonald's ever, even surpassing the McDonalds In Hawthorn Nevada!  Stopped there two times in two days, I was sick and didn't want to cook or get out of the car. Plus, as a child when I got sick my mother would buy me a Big Mac.  Anyway, we stopped and went thru the drive thru, it was pretty quick both times. Our larger truck fit through, so that is a good thing.  The first trip, my husband, also sick, drove off as soon as the food was handed to us. I'm all like what are doing? I haven't tried the fries yet! Anyway, the fries were either over cooked,( I don't think so), or cooked twice. The amount of salt was unreal and the fries were cooked beyond crispy.  Second trip, the fries looked like McDonalds fries just not very warm, and yes he drove off before I tried one. We get back to the R.V. resort we're staying at and I try my Big Mac, almost no sauce and very bland. The patties also look like they have gotten smaller.  The two ladies at the window were not overly friendly but not rude either. If you want a burger just stop at In and Out across the street.

Horrible customer service. Guy at the first window gave me attitude, as well as they gave me a uncooked fry. This is horrible.

Zero stars. They mess up my order Every. Single. Time. Without fail. This time, they tried to charge me again for stuff they didn't put in my bag. $15 an hour guys?? Come on. I wouldn't come back to this location if it was the last McDonald's in las vegas.

Wow just waited in line in drive thru for 20 min! Then I get home and half of my order is missing and is incorrect!! I don't know why I'm surprised this location has sucked for years and the girl in drive thru is extremely rude! Get it together with your employees

Let me start off by reminding the reviewers below that this is a McDonald's.  Chances are you have been one of the over one billion served so you should know what to expect. If a McFlurry machine is down on Thanksgiving they probably didn't want to clean it! It's Thanksgiving and instead of being at home with their family they have to serve you McFlurry so you can save $5 on a Black Friday deal. Every order I've had has been typical McDonald's and I get the correct change back, that is all I expect from this fast food joint. If you want something special done your way then visit the creepy king down the street, if you order McDonald's, eat your Quarter Pounder with cheese meal and be grateful! If you give McDonald's a one star review you better have an open lawsuit for the service/quality of service. Two apple pies are one dollar. Do you know what a mind F@&$ that would be to North Koreans or any of our founding fathers? Enjoy this place for what it is, a last resort for inexpensive comfort food. If you are reading McDonald's yelp reviews to choose a restaurant I am ashamed of you.

Ray A. Kroc would drop this entire staff faster than a metro pcs phone call.  I've literally seen terrorist with more customer service.  The food is your typical Golden Arches standard with all the HFCS infused accoutrements.  If you're in need of a good old clogged artery or wanna add an extra roll to that spare tire of a waistline, this is your joint.  For even worst customer service this is the pentagon.  Enjoy

I rarely eat McDonald's but whenever I do and I'm on this side of town staying at my mom's.. and I need a quick bite before or after a night out, this is usually my spot since my mom lives in the neighborhood right across. The graveyard crew is always friendly, especially the night supervisor/manager. And definitely quick service.

Went through the drive thru and this Filipino lady forgot to give me dipping sauce for my nuggets or napkins. So I kindly asked her, how come you guys never ask me if I need any sauce like other places? She said, don't tell me how to do my job. Easy cowgirl!

Do I have to give them 1 star you all should consider this a negative star.Absolutely the worst fast food service I've ever experienced.Every order I've gotten has been in some way or the other wrong.i check every order but I'm not opening boxes n unwrapping sandwiches.Today I ordered an egg n cheese Mc muffin got em home n they put ham on em.the worst one was couple of months back they had those wings n I ordered them n sat at window for 7 min been in line for 10 then Mgr asks me to pull up to wait in s designated space .I'm just sitting there before I realize I've been there another 10 min and there are no cars in line. I drove over to front door went in an there's the Mgr sitting at a dinning room table eating.i asked her where my food was that I've been waiting for 15 minutes outside.i was so mad I just took my food n left.2 months later stupid me went back for another screw up.Buy the way this Mgr is on duty 90 percent of time I go there.I was a Mgr for 20 years in fast food n sit down I wouldn't hire this lady as a cashier

We waited for about 10 minutes for our order and when our number was called.... We got cold french fries and cold cheeseburger!

I'm sorry to agree with everybody's comment here, it's by far the worst drive thru experience I've ever had in my entire McDonald fan!!   I ordered choc chip frappe and 2apple pie; when I got to the window to pick up my order (which took 35mins) I was asked if it is ok to not have a choc chip in it because they ran out?  What?Really?They should have said that 30mins ago so I could have left and not waste time waiting for me paying full price for half service?? You joking right?If there's zero negative star on here, they'll get it!

Worst McDonalds ever!!! Always gets my orders wrong. From giving me 4 nuggets instead of 6, to not giving me my fries or putting ketchup on a PLAIN burger. Slowest drive thru service as well!!!

Worst MCD ever!!!! I mean it looks legit and super nice cause it's new. This place always messes up our order. Especially the older Filipino lady that works there. She has the like resting I hate my job face. Gives attitude and doesn't say sorry for not understanding English by messing up the damn orders! Who ever owns this franchise needs to replace her or who ever there that can't fulfill proper simple orders.  Make the extra drive down the street to the Rainbow one.

Came here because I got a free sandwich coupon.. Decided to try the artisan chicken... I feel like none of the McDonald's higher ups have ever been to Wendy's.. They have to be completely oblivious to what the chicken sandwiches look like there to serve this crap. 4 of McDonald's chicken would equal one of Wendy's. And even if it was bigger the quality is crap. I had a free coupon and I wanted a refund... Service was ok. Still won't go back for a very long time if at all

Worst drive through service ever.  The cashier taking payment was rude and the person giving the food to you through drive through pretty much through the bag out the window.  If you don't like your job get a new one you like,  no one is making you work I. This place.  Your actions reflect on on your body language.  Rude and very unprofessional.  Good luck

They almost never get my order right. We went today and got chicken nuggets and they forgot to give the sauce to dip it in.

This place has to be owned by the same people that own the one on Blue diamond and Rainbow. The two worst McDonald's I have ever been to. Half cups of Mc smoothies half orders of fries. Pay for extra sauce they never put in bag. McDonald's should take the license away from these people run these two businesses because it's giving McDonald's a bad name.

I rarely if ever eat at a McDonald's. And I generally don't review fast food because, well, it's fast food. I do however get their iced coffee regularly, at least 3-4 times a week. After so many incorrect orders it's time to review. Not for the quality of food but the quality of service.   Their standard is a coffee with milk/cream and sugar. So it should be easy to understand my order, simply an iced coffee with no sugar. I can't count how many times the order has been wrong. Or how many times I've been questioned...   But do you still want cream?  Do you want it flavored? Are you sure you don't want... (choose flavoring)?   You don't want sugar?  While this is an annoyance I'm used to it and usually taste my drink before leaving drive-thru. So of course last night I didn't try the drink and ended up at home with a no sugar extra hazelnut coffee. I was not going to waste my time driving back to correct a $2 drink. After returning a redbox film tonight I decided to get another coffee. I parked and went in. I told them what happened just to let them know and the kid said no worries I'll give you one on the house. Then of course a power hungry shift manager has to get into it.   What's going on? Why didn't you come back?  Why didn't you call?  You should have called!  Just this one time..   What happened to simple customer service? It's a $2 coffee and you want to argue like I'm asking for free food for life.  Just make the coffee correctly.

I went through the drive threw to place my order.  When I hit home, it was wrong.  I called to inform them.  They were extremely nice and apologetic.  I went back the next day to get my order replaced.  They were very nice and gave me a extra order of fries.  I appreciate friendly service.  The error was a little frustrating but everyone makes mistakes.

If it was possible to give 0 stars i would ive never been to this location and not had an issue, this time was the wost they over charged us and still didnt give us half our order when we got our bags, the employees didnt know how to deal with the issue, nor did the manager, its like none of them are mentally there. I strongly advise to stay away from this location.

Seriously, an order of 20 pc nuggets and you give us TWO sauces when I asked for sweet n sour & honey mustard! (Only honey mustard was in there) If you're a normal person, you know it takes maybe four-five sauces to finish all nuggets. You guys are ridiculous.

By far the WORST McDonald's I've ever been to!!!  If I could give it less then one star I would.  I live right down the street so this is the easiest McDonald's to get to, but ever time I go the wait is ridiculous, the serve is horrible, and the food is thrown together!  I suggest everybody go to the McDonald's off rainbow instead because it going to take just as long either way.   And their staff is a lot more friendly!!

Staff gets 5 stars, friendliest staff in a McDonald's I have ever been too. Food was mediocre,  nuggets tasted funny.

Disgusted, posted a photo of the coffee I got with a long hair in it! How do they not see that!!? Nasty

What do you do when you go to a restaurant and they forget one of your items? You think eh, they made a mistake how about ten of the last ten times you've been there? You would think you would stop going after the third time..... I guess I'm a glutton for punishment..... And being stole from, because that's what this store does. I sat down today after getting home and no Big Mac was in the bag, and, in the last few months, I figured out they have stolen around $40 of food that I have paid for And what happens when you try and call the store? Always busy. How about the 800 number? Leave a message and we will call you back.... And you never get a call. It's the worst customer service for a company I have ever seen. How much money is this one location stealing from customers? I get that the employees are getting paid a pittance of a wage but have some respect for your work. Both my wife and I work for a burger chain and if this happened at our stores, corporate would be there and all hell would break loose. But I'm sure corporate doesn't know because the numbers you call to complain A) do not work/ are always busy or B) never pass on the info and just bury it and accept it as business as usual. DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION!!!!!!!

went thru drive thru....got 2 cheeseburger meal......got home.....open one of the said cheeseburgers to put fries on it (don't knock it until you try it).....and found this.......HALF of a patty......really crappy McDonald's........REALLY FRICKEN CRAPPY

They literally mess up my order EVERY single time! I make the extra drive and go to the one in rainbow and blue diamond!

Meh, even with the amount of business this location gets, you rarely seem to receive fresh, hot fries.   And if you order an ice cream cone, hope that it's not handed to you at the wide base (the part not covered by the paper wrapper) by an employee with a bandaged finger.

This is the worse McDonald's I have ever been to. This place is consistently bad. 8/10 times I visit this place they get something wrong. For example I use to always order a Bic Mac and I would have them put the quarter pounder patties on it. Every time I order from this place they mess it up. The last time which was yesterday I ordered this They only made half the sandwich. They literally left the top half of the Big Mac empty. If you are not familiar I will explain. They should have made it with the bottom bun, on top of the bottom bun you add the hamburger then on top of the meat you add the toppings. Then on top of the toppings there should be a middle bun, then on top of the middle bun more toppings then on top of the toppings the top bun. They got it right to the middle bun. There was only 1 pattie on the sandwich after the middle bun there was nothing.   It never fails every time I order here. I have had half my order missing which I paid for. I always forget to check the bag and I just drive home because like most i'm in a hurry. Its gotten so bad I don't even go back anymore. A few weeks ago I remembered to check the bag and I went in to have them fix it. It took them 3 tries. I sent the food back 3 times. I was nervous they were going to spit in it.   They never get sauces and extras correct. I always order a side of Big Mac sauce because I like to dip my fires in it. I never get it. They always make damn sure they charge me for it, but I never get it. I order hot mustard for nuggets they always give me honey mustard. I have asked for hot mustard a couple times and the person taking my order looked at me like I was retarded and had to go get the manager to figure out their sauces.  If I could give this place 0 stars or take stars away I would. Simply horrible they need either a staffing change or a management change.

Stopped here Thanksgiving night after doing some shopping and wanted to get a Mcflurry,  My husband went in and they never gave him a choice in size just automatically gave him a smaller one, We were going to share it so we were gonna get the larger one, Once he came back outside and had it he didn't want to go back in.  We have been here a few times in the past just to get a sweet tea or ice cream as a snack, I am really surprised because they always ask what size you want in everything you order, He even had to ask if they would put a little more Oreo in because he said the first time was hardly any in it, I think Mcdonalds should be a thing of the past soon, I don't understand why people even eat at one anymore. Especially with all the bad ingredients they do use, I wonder if the ice cream has anything fake in it, LOL There is not too much we will get at any of them anymore unless we are desperate,

Every time I come here, they've always messed up my order.  This morning my daughter didn't have sausage with her hot cakes nor did she get her apple juice. All these things add up. My bill for 3 people came up to approximately $22.00 I could go back and ask them for the missing items but in always in a hurry. I'm a busy working mother and that's  why I rely on fast food to do the feeding for me sometimes but this location always fails to give me my orders. Meh.

Ordered 2 chocolate sundae on a Weds at 11:45am and received 2 mini sundaes instead. I think they have an ice cream shortage because they gave me a kids size. Lol

This place is like any other MCD's locations. The drive thru is pretty quick and my order was ready as I pulled up to the 2nd window after paying. Exactly how a drive thru should be!

I was so excited for this McDonalds to open, it's about time we get a food place in that location. So you can imagine my disappointment with their terrible service and bad quality food making!!   Worst. Worst. Worst. I get they are new. I do, so the first few times I went, I kept my cool, didn't complain, smiled, etc.   I like to go mid-morning on my way to work for either just coffee and a Sausage McMuffin with no egg... How complicated of an order can it be??!! Sometimes I will mix it up and get a combo meal, this is usually where they royally screw it up.   I'm irritated just thinking about the visits Ive had and how 4 out of 5 visits they screwed something up.   To make this brief, here are my major issues.   I order Splenda to be added to my drink. I'm in my work clothes, and I don't want to pull over and carefully add it myself and spill on my clothes since they A) they always fill it too high, and B) I don't want to make any more stops!   Cheese: hardly ever melted on the Quarter Pounder, or Big Mac and I've tried about 3 or 4 times. Cheese not melted, or the tiniest blob of sauce! I wanted the new habanero ranch, couldn't even taste the sauce except for one bite! Plus it was luke-warm at least twice! The hot & spicy with a tiny splash of mayo? I mean, really!   I ordered an iced Caramel Mocha, get to the window, she hands me the latte, it had no caramel on the whip, so I ask, is this the Caramel Mocha? She stares at me blankly and says yes, I say, I'm used to it having caramel on top, she says its a caramel mocha, so off to work I go, I'm already late because they are super SLOW, and sure enough take a sip after I'm gone and it's a regular mocha. Pathetic service!  I did write in to corporate after my 8th or 10th attempt to do business there.. And the manager called me and apologized. Told me to come in and get a free combo on him. So not happening. Go in so they can remember me as the Girl who called them out for their shit slow service, always messing up my orders,  and crap food making? No thanks. I would have rather had some coups sent so I could remain anonymous.   Oh well. I just drive a few more blocks down to Rainbow and Blue Diamond location if i have the extra time, they are great!   As for this place? Shame on you for STILL not being able to get your shit together!   One positive note I will say is there are two very friendly employees there. They work the drive thru taking orders/$$ I wish I had their names!   Will I be back? Sadly probably yes, it's very convenient for me on my way to work when I don't have time to go to rainbow location.. But I limit what I get, try to keep it simple and always hope for the best... Maybe someday they will be a great location... As for now? The McDonald's Corporation would be ashamed!!!

Their systems were down and the manager just slammed the window in our face with absolutely no empathy at all.. Only asked if we had cash for him to pocket it! This is completely ridiculous. Don't ever come here if you want to use your arm or credit card, this is the 21st century. Food and service horrible as hell.

One of the worst McDonald's in town. Food is half cooked every time time I come here and tastes stale.

One thing I look forward to is fries....well they managed to screw that up too because we all love cold old fires. Common guys you ask for more money but you can't get a simple order right?!?!? Not to mention the drive through employee who didn't even say a simple hi just handed me the bag and closed the window. By far the worst service I have ever had at a drive through.

One does not expect much from fast food restaurants these days however this place manages to provide an even lesser service than the low standards of today.

I have never written a review on Yelp but I am so frustrated I feel the need to.  I get to the window and my total is $7.12. I handed the guy $12.12 thinking it would make things easier to just get back a five. Boy was I wrong. He entered $11.12 into the register handing me 4 dollars back. Why the hell would I give you dollars to get back more dollars? Clearly that never occured to him, and if it did he just tried to steal a dollar from me....which btw wouldn't be the first time here. I tell the guy in the next window which looked like a manager and he asks me quite rudely Are you sure you gave him 12 dollars? I explain to him I normally wouldn't say nething especially for a dollar but it has been happening so many times that all these dollars add up. He takes my change back and returns with 5 $1 dollar bills without saying a word...no apology...no explanation so I leave. It wasn't until I got home that I realized a sandwich is missing from my bag. So not just did they try and short me a dollar from my change they leave out a chicken sandwich. THIS IS THE WORST FAST FOOD RESTAURANT/MCDONALDS EVER!!!! I never get what I order and now my change is getting stolen.

My visit here was my cycling lunch stop, so I was probably more happy than the average patron to see these golden arches.  This McDs is renovated in the dark-wood-meets-quasi-Starbucks-style and while all appeared trendy and chic (one could even watch the game on the suspended flat-screen TV), closer inspection revealed a floor that needed to be swept and a few tables that required a good wipedown.  We had to wait longer than I wanted (10 minutes!) for my food, but then again, I was only half done my 50 mile ride at that point and wanted food NOW.  Also, exacerbating the wait, I know that drive-thru customers get priority, due to corporate demanding fast order-to-receipt times.  However, my fries were salty and hot, my burger was fresh and tasted the same as other McDs burgers I've consumed, and child chatter was minimal.  ;)

Knowing how bad the drive through service has been I went inside and placed an order for a burger. The lobby wasn't trashed but in a need of a sweep and a wipe down.   I ordered my Habanero Quarter Pounder and sat at one of the only clean tables in the store. The register guy did come out to sweep and while he did try his best I have to wonder why he choose to move the chairs at my table and sweep below my feet (remember that it was the only clean table in the store) and ignore what I'm only guessing was a hunk of apple on the floor at the table across from me or the fry and salt residue on the seats of the same table? He even went so far as to pick up a stack of napkins from the floor and put them onto the table top.   I know I know young kid working his first job trying so hard but he/they desperately need to go back to the McDonald University and get some remedial training or this store is going to fail to earn repeat business from its locals.

Don't come to this mickey D's. The service is very poor. Ordered 2 holiday pies last night through the drive through but DID NOT RECIEVE THEM . Tried to call the number on the receipt but busy for ten minutes. Went back to this store and was told by manager it takes ten minutes to cook pies! What? Drive down a few blocks and get awesome service at rainbow and blue diamond!

I take into account that this is McDonalds, I really do, but this one might be one of the worst I've ever been to. This is right near my house and since I get off work pretty late, there isn't many places open for me to grab food quickly. I've gone through the drive thru on a few separate occasions thinking to myself, This HAD to be a fluke! They must be having a bad day, maybe next time! No. EVERY TIME.   On tonight's particular trip I ordered a regular two cheese burger meal and two orders of apple pie, but first asking to make sure they had apple pie ready to go (I've made that mistake once before). They stated that they had it, I drove up to the first window and paid. Second window, a manager pops his head out stating they don't have apple pies (even though they stated they did) and asks me to pick something else. Unfortunately, I don't want anything else and although the refund for two apple pies, give or take, is $1.38, I ask for a refund. He again asks me to order something else instead. No thank you, I wanted Apple pies, I don't wish to order anything else in their place. He comes back with my refund and says goodbye. Wait?!? My food!! He says he cancelled it because I didn't want anything else!! WHAT?!?!   Never. Ever. Again. This is why I don't eat fast food!! Ugh!!

If I could give this place zero, I would. I was in line wondering why this place had 1  1/2 stars? While reading and laughing in disbelief at how people received half of their meat or sundaes, I then realized my drink was a victim of their shortness. The first thing i noticed was when I pulled up to pay for my food, the kid at the window did not open it right away nor did he acknowledged me. So I thought maybe I pay at the second window. When I started to drive away, the kid said no wait right here. Hmm, have you not been schooled in customer service? Then of course, my drink. The cup was not filled and had two cups. The kid was not on correctly and I partially blame the two cups.. but holy cow, this place is going down in the crapper. I hope the management is aware of their decline in business is due to lack of training and customer service.

I wouldn't give a place 1 star if I didn't give them a second chance, but after coming here countless times (it's the closest one to my house) I would say something has gone wrong at least 50% of the time. Literally.  Before I leave the drive-thru, I always have to check every thing to make sure it's right. It slows down the line, but I've learned to take this measure since they almost ALWAYS give me the wrong items. Whenever I ask for a plain burger, it comes to me with everything on it. There have been two times I ask for a 4-piece kids meal and they put a burger in it.  The most recent time, the person at the drive-thru was so incompetent. I could tell he was new because it took nearly 5 minutes to take my order because he couldn't hear me when I was speaking at a normal drive-thru volume. And as I was pulling away, he said I think I messed up. into the mic. Like? The employees here are never mean/rude, but the incompetence is so annoying. It's been MONTHS of coming here and they need to work on being proficient in making sure every order is right. I'd rather wait a bit more for them to double-check than for me to have to and come back to get a change.

Where do they hire their employees? Just plain rude. They need to take a customer service 101 class because they are obviously lacking it! Guy taking orders/handling money was rude talking to me like I'm an idiot. Then when I pulled up to the last window, the girl gave me my food, no greeting whatsoever. She just opened the window & said 'here you go' then closed the window. Horrible food and horrible service.

Yeah.... I love Mickey D's. But this is the slowest McDonalds on Earth. And they dont even care at all how long. I mean.... I get its fast food. And the people working here dont make much at all for all the bs they go thru. But yeah... This one just kills me.

The last time I went here, the dining area was literally infested with flies. Flies everywhere. Disgusting even for a Mcdonald's.

Not a lot I can say because I seriously visit McDonald's locations for one thing only: the Vanilla Reduced Fat Ice Cream Cone! It is very delicious, just one dollar (range between 99 cents to $1.29, not including sales tax), and just 170 calories! I cannot complain. We went through the Drive-Thru for our first visit and it went smoothly. Short wait with just 3-4 cars ahead of us. Clear speaker, the associate asked us to verify our order on the screen (great!), and there were separate windows for paying and receiving your food. Everyone was very cordial as well. I'll be back!

This McDonald's never gets the orders right, NEVER! It doesn't matter if it's breakfast, lunch or dinner, they never listen to orders taken. This is seriously so irritating and we have to go out of our way back, walk in and get the correct order. I'm very tired of this and now I either check the order before leaving drive thru due to there incompetent employees and hold everybody up or just never return to this location ever again!

So apparently cash only late night? Fabulous... Try putting a sign out to advertise this so people don't get stuck in the drive through line for 10 minutes like an idiot like I just did.... Thanks I guess for saving me those late night impulse calories. I'll be sure to remember this on my future late nights. As like the only fast food place between Durango and rainbow on blue diamond, you sure have a lot of customers that you should cater to. #mcdonoldsfail

I don't know why but it always seems like the employees at the second window are always rude. They are so stingy on sauces even if you paid for it. The stinginess also comes with a side of attitude.

Absolutely horrible...Tuesday night...3am....30 min...for a burger and fries.....have called corporate tonight and will continue to...DO NOT GO HERE take the xtra time to go to a different one...and I live 1 block away. Trail Ridge.

Came here for quick service but ended up waiting over 10min for a basic order of two cheese burgers and a chocolate shake. First time I've been to a McDonald's in a long time, and not coming back.

I couldn't resist writing another review after this morning's stop for coffee... I had one car in front of me and I ordered just a caramel mocha $3.23. I waited well over 10 min thinking the car in front of me must have had a big order. When I finally got to the window nobody had yet started my mocha, and after a few minutes the drive thru girl came to tell me the McCafe machine was broken and she could give me a regular coffee.... At this point I was anxious to get out of the drive thru so I wasn't late for work so I agreed (cars behind me had started honking from being held up so long). Icing on the cake... No regular coffee made... WTH?!? They asked me to pull into the waiting spot and they would bring it to me... At this point I'm laughing because it's so ridiculous, don't open if you are not prepared... No offer to replace what I paid for, they brought me out a regular old coffee.. LOL. Strong work guys.

Could this be the worst McDonald's in the country?   I don't understand why so many parents  think that McDonald's is a safe place to bring children. Usually, when I go to a McDonald's there is garbage all over the floor, piss n sh!t all over the walls in the restrooms, and all types of homeless loiterers eating packets of ketchup and drinking half & half.  When I was a kid in California I witnessed a stabbing at a McDonalds in Orange County. A few years later at that same location, a federal agent shot and killed a criminal who ran into the restaurant to hide.  At 3 McDonald's locations in Las Vegas, I was inappropriately hit on by a worker. I have seen perhaps over 100 physical fights between high school kids at McDonald's locations all around America. So, why would you let your kids come here and witness that crap while playing in that urine filled ball pit?   Well, you can always argue about which McDonalds is the worst, but you can't argue about which McDonalds is the CHEAPEST! . Let me give you some reasons why: -They got that deal where any size drink is only $1.00, yet they always claim they are out of large cups. Everyone gets the a small size. That's okay for dine-in customers who get refills, but if you are using the drive-thru, you get totally ripped off. -No f*cking lids for your cups! What the F*cking F*ck? I came here in 2010, and they said that they just ran out. I came here in 2011, and they said they just ran out. I came here 3 days ago and they still said they just ran out. Gimme a break! They just won't reorder the lids cause they are cheap and trying to cut back on costs! - No Napkins?!!!! What the hell? There are no napkins anywhere on the restaurant floor. They got a weird policy where you only get like 2 napkins with each order. Now, that's CHEAP! -Sauces ain't free here...but I've actually seen that policy at other McDonald locations so I won't go on a profanity filled rant about that one. -The Bathroom is not for everyone! They have to screen you and determine if you are eligible for bathroom use. I know that most the people at home are reading this and thinking that I am lying about that one...but, just look at the reviews below if you don't believe me. If you look shady, they won't allow you to use the restroom. And guess what??? The bathroom didn't have any paper towels, and the sticky stuff on the walls tasted bitter...(okay the last part about the sticky stuff was a joke, but the bathrooms didn't have paper towels..Now that's CHEAP!)  To make things worse, the staff is constantly fighting each other. The cutey-pie teenage girls at the counter are always arguing and fighting with the gigantic battle-scarred guys in the kitchen. No one wants to sit there, and watch a bunch of min-wage workers yelling at each other!   The food here is worse than a typical McDonald's. They don't even know how to make the sandwiches properly. I had no tomato in my Daily Double. And I ended up getting a tomato in my Hot N Spicy McChicken. (For anyone who doesn't live in Nevada: In Nevada, McDonald's has a different regional menu. Daily Double and Hot N Spicy probably don't exist in your states.)     After seeing all the fighting and rudeness of the workers, I knew they would lose my order. And guess what? They did lose my order! So I had to wait another 5-10 minutes for them to make me a new one.  Maybe the rudest worker was the guy mopping the floor. He didn't speak any English besides for a few curse words. Just to be nice to him, me and my friends decided not to throw away our trash and instead threw it on the floor for him to enjoy.  So, I ask again: Why do parent's think that McDonald's is a safe place to bring kids? What are you parents gonna do when your 5 year old finds a dead body in full rigor mortis while playing in the ball pit? Are you ready to deal with all those years of PTSD? Believe me, it will happen someday...

I'm still upset over how unprofessional this McDonald's is. I never go outside the McDonald's close to my house but I stopped in on a road trip from Vegas to Phoenix. I am a 24 year old female and had another 24 year old female friend with me. Beautiful day outside!  I was wearing a t shirt and shorts while my friend wore shorts and a tank top with about two inches of her stomach showing. Living in Vegas, two inches of stomach is nothing. No one bats an eye. In this town its apparently a sin because we couldn't believe the remarks. Not one customer said anything or was rude or anything. One male worker close to the cash register said Daaamn!!! We got working girl in the house! Yes- a worker said this! I placed my order which surprisingly came out wrong even after repeating three times over. The worst part was that this guy would not give up. I told him it was kind of rude to call my friend a hooker and he said when you dress like that shes asking for it. Then... the girl that took my order joined in. She said after this I might as well wear my bikini and high heels in here on my day off. I have never been treated so poorly in a fast food restaurant before in my life. I was embarrassed for my friend who is a very sweet outgoing girl who was getting called a prostitute for showing her belly and saying she was asking for it. I rarely write reviews on yelp but I felt this needed to get out. Save yourselves a trip here and get food elsewhere please!

Not sure why there is so many bad reviews of this Mickey D's. It's your typical McDonald's and I'm not really a fan of their food, but others I was with wanted to stop here. Service was quick and we got in and out of here pretty quickly. There is also a nice indoor playground for kids.

Got the grilled Artisan chicken sandwich. It was the worst chicken sandwiches I had ever had. The bun even smelt burnt.  $5.89 for it and not worth )$2.00

this mcdonalds is the worse one I have ever been in. Spend 35 minutes waiting for breakfast. When I fi ally got my order, it was wrong, the side scrambled egg waa literally runny. When I asked the person behind the counter if this is acceptable her comment was this is how they come what more do you want? People were leaving even after they paid for their food. HORRIBLE. YOU JUST LOST MY BUSINESS! McDonald's corporate office needs to visit and re-structure your restaurants. They have all gone downhill.

They have a special offer 2 Big Macs for $4.44 ... when I get my Big Mac it literally had a huge BITE out of it already.  So one of two things happened: a) an employee took a bit out of it, or b) a customer took a bite out of it, returned the burger, and the employee put it back on the rack to sell to someone else.  All they did was give me a new Big Mac. I expected something extra - a discount, some free fries, something to make up for one of the most disgusting things I've ever experienced at ANY fast food place anywhere.  Avoid this location - period.

This place sucks the absolute worst McDonald's I've ever been to. I ordered 2 Big Macs in the drive thru drive all the way back to work with my Burger and there's no cheese open the second one that's my buddy's it has no cheese. So i call the manager explain what happened. His I need to make $15 an hour response that sucks bring them back and I'll throw aome cheese on them.....my response no you suck...smh #minimumwageforfastfoodworkersforever

If I could give this McDonalds in Boulder City a zero star rating, I definitely would. About twice a year we go back hoping they've possibly had something change which will result in a positive experience. In a word...NOT.  They've literally never gotten an order correct at the drive thru, from forgotten French fries to the wrong sauce for your chicken nuggets. They'll always screw up your order somehow. Tonight we asked, twice, to be certain the fries didn't have salt and they once again, gave us salty cold fries.  If you go inside to order, their line system is so confusing you may never get waited on if there's many others in front of you. It's just the worst & it seems no one working there gives a hoot & I've tried to contact the corporate office to no avail.  We're just done!

Just orderd a mc chicken for a 9 year old and the Damn thing had no chicken in it how pathetic is that now gotta find something else for him deffinately won't be back

This is by far the worst McDonald's I've ever been too. I live in Boulder City after many bad meals there I thought well I'll give them a try. Cheeseburger ice cold, fries cold and stale, filet of fish cold and the bread was beyond hard. I actually drove back and said I'm done please refund my money. I would say most definitely skip this McDonald's. Beyond terrible.

I go to this McDonalds often. Over the course of the last 2 years this establishment has been going downhill. It used to be prestine and beautiful! The condition now is dirty and broken. The staff is extremely rude. I was ordering a mcflurry and it was after nine and the staff said I couldn't have one and he wasn't in thef*** mood. Needless to say this isn't a good place to eat or work.

Staff is very nice. Greeted us when we entered iNside. The young man who took our order was friendly. It wasn't busy considering this is a highway stopover place. We didn't wait too long for our order. Clean bathrooms.

Never thought I would be compelled to write a review for a McD because of good things I noticed. First off, service is awesome. More specifically a worker named Marcus. He rocks! He is very friendly, helpful, and a very hard worker. He greets everyone coming and going with a smile. I've never met a more exemplary employee.   There was a situation that occurred during my visit that I was very impressed with the way it was handled. There was a man who appeared to be homeless that sat himself in the back corner of the dining area where he was saying very rude things to another patron. The manager immediately handled the situation is a very professional, discreet manner that did not further escalate the man. He actually calmed him some before escorting him out. Bravo!  The decor here is unlike any McD I've been to. Very chic and modern. Looks newly renovated or very well maintained. Wouldn't have thought I was at a McD by the look of the bathroom which is very clean and well maintained. There was a chandelier hanging over the area you place your orders which I thought was cute. As far as McDs go, this one is top notch. Hence the 5 star rating. I compare restaurants against other restaurants in their class. Comparing fastfood to fine dining is comparing apples to oranges. I never thought I would give any fast food joint a 5 star rating. But this one deserves it.   Other pluses:  indoor play area for kids! That's clean and not rundown!  $1 any size drink $1 snack sized McFlurry $1.49 iced coffee $4.44 for 2 Big Macs $3.33 for 2 Sausage McMuffin w/ egg

This McD's is clean and has a great design. You have to ask permission to get into the bathroom which equals ultra clean restrooms. The kiddie play area is never crowded and is the cleanest one I've been to. Perfect place to bring the kids to escape the crowded play areas in Las Vegas. The food is the same ol McDonalds. We enjoy it.

We were on a road trip and stopped at this McDonald's expecting the fast friendly service you normally get.  We were mistaken.  We were ordering breakfast.  First it was slow.  Our order sat on the counter for 1015 minutes waiting for a coffee.  Yes a coffee!  We tried to grab our tray once and the girl behind the counter grabbed it and told us it wasn't ready!  Next we notice she is doing chores at the drive-thru window.  She was ignoring us!  We finally asked for the manager.  A man by the name of Juan came out and instantly started barking excuses at us.  By this time we were the only ones at the counter!  He went on and on about how busy they were!  With who?!!?  He still did not apologize or BRING US A COFFEE!  Finally the girl at the next window brought us our coffee.  By this time our breakfast was cold and she offered us a new breakfast.  This girl was so attentive and she alone fixed the problem.  I wish we would have gone to her first instead of the girl with the red hair! Never going back to this McDonald's again.

This is one of the BEST McDonalds I've ever been to! Super nice staff which is really hard to find in a McDonald's now a days.

Typical McDonalds, nothing too remarkable. Stopped in my way to hoover dam, rolled into the drive up. Sat there for 3 minutes before they asked what I wanted, and managed to screw up the order.   McDonalds.

It was THE worst experience EVER!  We ordered 2 cheeseburger, 1 hamburger, 1 coke, and lg fries.  For such a simple order that consisted of your staple items, it took 20 minutes to get our order. When we asked for the manager, she completely disregarded us. She barely offered a mumbled apology for the wait. An employee had to step in and offer a cookie as we were walking out. Needless to say, we weren't in the mood to accept a cookie at that point. That team really needs to be trained in customer service.

I hate to contradict anyone, but this McDonald's IS NOT your typical McDonald's. If your only using the Drive Thru as your barometer, then YES! It probably is your typical McDonald's. This store was a flagship store. When you look around, you will see bronze statues all around the store, the inside is unlike any McDonald's. The play area is different than other McDonald's. I give them 3 Stars, because they force you to watch FAUX News.

Hands down the most friendly and fast McDonald's I have ever been to.  Greeted us when we entered, cashier told us to be careful out there ( it was raining) and person giving me my food told me to have a nice day.

Don't know if today was an off day or what, but Hubby and I have had a couple of previous experiences at Boulder City McD's this past month that were pretty good. Food was hot and fresh, really good Big Macs and really good fries. But today, I am mad at BC McD's after hubby got takeout. They didn't have the Bacon Ranch Burger that McD's App said they have. So they told him the closest thing would be a Bacon McDouble. It sucked!!!! Cold burger, cold fries... I'd much rather have had a Big Mac, but hubby got suckered into buying what was a bad suggestion from the cashier. Grrr...

We ordered several orders of coffee drinks, and they gave us wrong things. It was very bad made, did not give straws, no ice in all. Do not go there.

I bought a cheeseburger and they literally forgot to but the hamburger on the bun.  Everything else was there: bun, cheese, ketchup, mustard, onions, and pickles.  WTF???

Not that I'm surprised with how bad food service is at McDonalds, but this location is a special kind of stupid. Did a drive thru order for 12 people, and they made us wait in the reserved parking space, which was fine. But then they stuffed our food on top of each other where stuff was opening and smashed. Then they forgot half of our order. So so stupid. Had to go back and get the rest of our order. They don't deserve more than minimum wage.

I wish i could leave zero stars,they burn my food im starting to tske it personal,same bs over and over again .the place is clean , food is hit and miss,they are always out of something ,their prices are higher than other McDonalds this was it last straw, managers should be managing but they are on their cell phone texting i hope they sre texting Ronald because they need help !

One of the most upscale McDonalds.  Worth a stop just to see inside and outdoor sculptures.  Food typical McDonalds.

We stopped there for breakfast on our way home to the Phoenix area. I walked in first and ordered 2 sausage  McMuffins with egg, my husband then walked up behind me to add a coffee to the order.  I proceeded on to e ladies room while he paid. When I returned he was in the men's room, and our order arrived. When we got back to the car I saw the receipt totaled $8.18.  There was a huge sign on the window that stated that they were 2 for $3.33. A single coffee and the special price don't add up to that amount. So by the time we were back on he road it was too late to go back and have them correct their error. I see other reviews that say the same thing: you're promised one price but charged another. They are crooks at this location, or have hired the dumbest people they can find.

Went in to get any size coffee for a dollar as advertised on national TV. I was told they do not participate in this. I agree It is their right to do so as It is my right to turn around and walk out. Which we all did.

Was there this afternoon 3:30pm on a Sunday.  Ordered 3 meals and a kids meal, on 1 of the meals my friend wanted a half coke / half diet coke in the large soda like usual.  When we said that at the drive through the guy says Nope, can't do it!  I said excuse me? she orders this all the time, drive-thru guy (Brad i think) being a complete Tool again responds Nope, won't do it! with even more attitude.  So I respond, then give us an empty cup and we'll go in and do it.  We get up to the window and the girl taking payment rolls her eyes and whispers, sorry...the supervisor is kind of an a-hole  And then he walks up & starts handing me our food and drinks and then I say where is the last drink, I want an empty cup so I can go inside and fill it like my friend wants sense you are too incompetent.  He then says he can't give us an empty cup, so I say give me a diet then so I can pour half out and go inside and fill the other half with coke.  He then finally concedes and gives me what we wanted from the beginning.  Unbelievable, that simply getting mcdonalds has to turn into a semi-stressful confrontation with idiots. AVOID THIS MCDONALDS AT ALL COSTS!!

I like the fact the the inside of this McDonald's is nothing like your typical McDonalds (the fact that it's a flagship store is definitely a plus). The cafe was very nice and showed no resemblance to any McDonald's I've seen. Service was OK, pretty typical. Not as friendly as I'm used to and the staff was a little flustered with the fifteen people in the lobby or in line. Bottom line, it's still a McDonald's. It's a really nice McDonald's, but you can put lipstick on a pig but it's still a pig. The iced latte (caramel) was bad. Too sweet. People who compare Starbucks to McDonald's and like McD's better (as far as coffee) are comparing caviar to fishsticks. Fishsticks are cheap, widely available, and horrible for you (McDonald's). Caviar is an acquired taste and is at the top of it's class. The two are hardly comparable.

One of the nicest mcdonalds I have ever been to. The place is super clean. It's got a great playarea for the kids. The service was great.

I hit the drive thru here once in a while.  Slowest.  McDonald's.  EVER.  15 minutes to get 4 egg Mcmuffins, What are they doing in there?  Not much of a line that went slow and then we sat in the waiting area 10 minutes.  Won't be back.

Absolute the worst customer service. I keep coming back hoping it was just a bad day... not the case. A couple employees seem to really be trying but they're understaffed and other employees just want to be lazy.   Waiting times are long because they can't seem to multi task and you can't tell if there is even a manager on duty as no one seems to have control of the staff of counter.  Will not be returning. Ever.

Besides being in Boulder City this is one of the worst golden arches I've ever had. I only eat at McDonald's once a year and I waisted it here. No ice, dirty everywhere. Even the drinks all taisted odd.My big mac sucked. Ill try not to throw up before I get out of this dump. This is why they don't deserve $15 an hour. I wanted to fire half the staff right away

Got a sausage mc muffin with cheese, it was good but not great. Bread seemed stale (yes I know it is toasted) but something just off in its texture. The sausage and egg part were really good though.

No more orange drink.  No more business from me.  All of the food is disgusting without that fantastic drink to rinse away the gross aftertaste.   Monkeys with typewriters (making $15./hr) are now the decision-making engine for McDonalds.  Looking forward to seeing the out of business sign over the Golden Arches.

With only two cars in the drive through line, the wait was over ten minutes. Then when I came to the order box I was told they are having computer problems all day.  Can't even do the transaction manually with my cash that I had.  And no sign on speaker box indicating an issue.

Worst experience ever at McDonald's !  On way to Hoover dam on Sunday, Labor Day weekend.  Went in at 10am.  Waited in line for 10 minutes to order.  Only 1 line open.  Ordered 2 egg mcmuffin meals then waited and waited. At 10:30 they changed the menu over to lunch menu.  One group of 4 yelled at the mgr because they stopped for breakfast and walked out sputtering.  At 10:35 I walked to the front of the line and asked the clerk that since she had her drawer open I'd like my money back. She told me to go to th back of the line.  I said I'd been waiting for my food for 35 minutes and wantd my money back.  She wadded up my food receipt and threw it in the garbage!!!  If my wife wasn't there I would have made a scene.  Not worth it for 8 bucks.  Them manager disappeared and wouldn't come out.  This place sucks and I'm telling everybody.

Stopped there at 12:30 AM on the way back to Kingman, AZ. Wanted a snack so I ordered French fries and a large coke. The fries must have been under heat lamp for an hour or two, they were chewy and cold, the coke was over filled and ran over the top spilling on my pants and down on to my cloth seats. Will not stop at the drive through again.

Don't know why there are so many bad reviews. Staff was very friendly and helpful, especially Mark. Food was hot, very clean inside, they even took our tray from us and threw away our trash

This is probably the worst McDonald's I've ever ordered at. The simple order took a ridiculously long time and they mixed up my order with another customers. They also neglected to add any condiment or vegetables on my classic chicken sandwich. It's McDonald's, and while we're not paying for the service, the employees were actually audibly cussing in the kitchen. Wtf?

Food was ok. The screened bathroom access is unusual and in this case useless as the bathroom appeared to have not been cleaned for weeks - yes again no paper towels.  Confirmed that napkins distribution is also regulated. Suggestion: turn off the bubble makers and spend that money on paper goods!  Hopefully will never have to return. Or suggest DRIVE THRU if you do.

Yuck! I'm not a McDonald's fan at all!   The only reason I went to one this time is because the family wanted to go there before we went to the damn. The food was just what I expected.  Cold fries and a dry chicken sandwich, where the mayo tasted a bit off.   I haven't missed a thing!

Been buying a snack McFlurry for a couple years here, and the price was always $1 or $1.08 before tax.  Today I was told the new price is $1.69 before tax ... so that's an overnight price increase of at least 56%.  When I complained, I was told that McD employees were about to receive a hefty pay raise (maybe the $15/hour that was in the news months ago?), and this was probably the reason for the increase.  I doubt that.  So what's the REAL price?  Looking at http://www.fastfoodmenuprices.com/mcdonalds-prices/ ... the average national price seems to be $1.79.  Can it be that ALL of McD's prices are going to be going up BIG TIME soon?  Hope not.

Never go here unless you have at least a half an hour to spare, that includes the drive thru. It is also impossible to get fresh fries, I would suggest trying the Ask for no salt on the fries and then put your own trick but that may not work as I have also gotten cold unsalted fries in a regular order.

0 star review  There raisist I ordered in english and whrn I got to the window I parked alittle bit away from there I said Im sorry for that all pull up once the car infront of me pulls up .then he said no problemo. I was like what excuse me was giving me an attitude and he said I thought you didnt speak english . There was more to it that happened they mest up on my order and I let the manager know. Then she offered free food excuse me you wont shut me up with a cone ok.   They should treat clients equal they will be talking yo my lawyer

It's a Mcdonalds. You should know what to expect. That being said, this particular location has a fast and friendly staff, is clean, and consistent.

Well, it's McDonald's fast food, so a 3-star rating is pretty decent.  Went there near midnight, the place was a bit cold. The apple pie was a little bit overdone, but the burgers were still nice.  Should you find yourself in the position to eat McDonald's, this place is not that bad.

Service incroyablement rapide aujourd'hui au service à l'auto. C'est pas toujours le cas, mais avec la quantité de client c'était impressionnant.

Super super slow staff. They always screw up your order so double check! Same with drive through.

Worst mcdonalds i have ever seen in my life. I yesterday took 3 junior chickens and medium fries but the fries were left out of my order so I called the store many times and nobody picked up the phone and it was 11:30 at night. The next day I went in the evening and showed their manager the bill and told her that my fries were missing so guess what????? Instead of confessing her mistake she accused me of lying. She said that why didnt I call?? I told her that I called the store but nobody picked up. Then she said why didnt I come back again . I said that it was 11:30 in the night.  Well the thing which saddens me the most is that she can think that a customer would lie just for 2 dollars???? Really????? I mean grow up some brains.

Get here early... or late.. or kinda early... well ya know how it is uptown/downtown (or whatever you may call center city)  FREE WI-FI  McDonalds is McDonalds so i'm sure you know what to expect. If not, well... Ummmmmm  This place is usually clean since someone will say excuse me b/c they are usually sweeping or mopping at ALLLL TIMES of the day.

I have been to my fair share of McDonalds, and admit I'm a big fan of the pick 2 for $3... but had possibly the best double cheeseburger with Mac sauce I have had at this location... it was around 12:45p on 9/27 just after the big rush at lunch. The thing was stacked perfectly so that it wasn't leaning out on one side or the other. Perfect proportion of condiments to meat/bread. Definitely will be back! A shout out to the Oreo mcflurry as well but you have to try hard to mess that one up.

There are several things subpar about this location compared to other McDonalds. 1) Staffing. Too many people with the job of standing around and talking. 2) One person is assigned to drinks, which are behind the counter so no self-refills. If this person is busy and the cash register person isn't doing anything, they still will not refill your drink, not their job. It's the drink person's job. Big difference from say, Chic-Fil-A 3) Unwritten rules. If you want your drink refilled, you better know to stand next to the south wall. That's were they said to stand for refills. You can't stand anywhere else and get a refill. 4) Never order any chicken that isn't fried. Grilled chicken sandwich was disgusting, so was the chicken breakfast sandwich. Nuggets are okay. 5) Seating is limited but that's because it's in the Overstreet mall. 6) Quarter Pounder bread was stale  Pros: 1) Managers are nice people 2) Good location 3) Price is cheaper than anything else uptown

This location knows how to get their breakfast crowd in and out.  You're not waiting than a couple of minutes for your food. Also, they always have 2 registers open, which is a rarity at most McDonald's locations.   I usually order the same thing, Caramel Frappe, so unless their machine is down (It was one day last week - Week of July 15, 2013.) I'm satisfied.

McDonald's... How hard is it?   1st...why is your coffee at Erin Mills 10 cents more expensive than the McDonald's in toronto?

No wonder Mac is going down! McLobster was good but McChicken was not that good as before.  Had to wait for the fries so expected to be hot and fresh but it turned out cold without salt. Ordered 4 combs but only had two pieces of napkins inside the paper bags!

This is a typical of McD's in terms of food and service. I mainly come in for the excellent coffee.   Never thought I would have said that many years ago but kudos to McD, they changed their coffee supplier and with their brilliant marketing method of giving free coffee once in a while made me a fan of their coffee!  I usually get a muffin to go with the coffee because it's a very cheap add-on.

Most useless McDonalds ever. Went to the drive through for breakfast once, I get home and notice two of the meal missing and went back to get them, they end up forgetting half of each meal, so back again, they end up telling me my next meal is free.  Next time I went to Mcdonalds, They forget half of my order.  Went back still forgot stuff.  Actually I have never had my order right in the last 20 times I have been here.

This location has the worst service I've seen. The employees argue and mess around in front of customers and it takes 15 minutes to get a coffee. I used to visit this location regularly but now drive further to another location to get better service

I usually go here because it's a convinient location, but the service is terrible......I once had to wait a good 10-15 minutes just for a small coffee and muffin. If you're in a rush, do not bother coming here.

This is the worst McDonalds in the chain.  I cant believe that all 3 times i have been there i had a problem.  First time i went there with my son and we got somebody elses order.  Second time, i went to the drive thru and got a coffee and they got that wrong too, not to mention it was only 3/4 of a cup.  Last time i had a problem and had an argument with the manager who is a complete idiot and i will never go to that location again.  The manager should be retrained if not fired for arguing over something so small with customers.  3 strikes you are out, now when i pass by that area, i keep passing by.  There are plenty of other options.  Avoid this location if possible.  Not one intelligent person works there.  Not one professioal to be found

Hands down the worst McD's in the area.  Going into the drive-thru in the morning is a trap.  Once you've ordered, its a 15+ minute wait and its difficult to get out of the line.  Also, their food is more expensive than everyone else's.  $1.29 for a small coffee.  Hooray you get to pay more for crap service!

SIMPLY UNBELIEVABLE!!!  I ordered a 4 piece kids meal, a pair of socks, and a sweet tea.  Simple right?  WRONG. I had to go back to the counter 4 times.  First, there were no large lids for my tea. Second, they gave sweet and sour sauce instead of BBQ. Third, they gave me toddler size socks for my 7 year old. Fourth, the kids meal was missing apples.  The manager on duty acted like she would rather be ANYWHERE but helping people.  When I tried to exchange the socks they didnt even have any other size.  When I went to ask for a lid the manager simply turned and asked another person to fill the lids????  JUST GIVE ME A DAMN LID FROM BEHIND THE COUNTER!!!  WHY SHOULD I WAIT FOR YOUR INCOMPETENT MANAGERIAL SKILLS?  I'll add the time and date in case the owner wants to know who was working.  5-13-14 2:00 pm.

This place is not worth one star. After ordering at the drive through, we had to go back two times because the order was incorrect. When we finally thought they got it right, we got home to discover the plain burger we ordered had mustard & onion on it. We have tried numerous times to call there, but they are not answering the phone. I will never return to this McDonalds.

9/24/15 at about 9:45 this morning when I went thru the woman at the presenting window was once again rude and short with me. When she gave me my food it was almost dropped BC she couldn't take the time to make sure I had a hold of it. Then when I asked for ketchup I was ignored and the window was slammed shut so I waited, holding up the line and drive thru times. OH WELL. I wpuld have rated higher bit customer service is top of the list. I've worked for McDonalds and one of the first things they teach u is to treat the customer with respect and smiles. I got no smiles, just additude and ignored.

After a 3 hour drive stopped here so the kids could stretch their legs at the playplace. Food was fresh, however, we had to go back to the counter twice to get items that were missing from our order. Staff was friendly and quickly corrected it.

Disgusting and  VERY dirty. The last couple times I've been there. Food is cold. Staff is rude.

The service is fast and friendly, but today was the third consecutive visit that I left highly dissatisfied.   Each time I order a soda, I have to specifically ask for extra ice, or else there is such a minimal amount that it's practically melted by the time I make it home. And the soda tastes off, like the machine or hoses are dirty...  And today was the third time my order was wrong- I always order the #6 and ask for it crispy, yet I seem to always get it grilled.  My fries were also cold and tasted like they weren't fully cooked.  I'll take the extra time to go to a different location from now on.

Morning shift here is great! Christian was so polite and energetic! Great vibes to start off my morning

They never get the order right and then I have never got the large fries I order they always put smalls in the back and the wait for all this to happen is forever. Never again.

Fries was hot and nice. It was cold outside so it was nice to sit and chill. No drunks there so that was good. Bathroom was gross as expected

The food this place produced was mediocre. Customers were sketchy but the employees were nice!

This store makes the best Frappe's behind the store on Maryland Parkway, next to Vons. I go to the Las Vegas store every morning for my frappe and if I order food, it is hot! The frappe is made perfect! YUM! The manager does not smile, but he is polite! The staff at the drive thru are very kind and greet you!

Funny asses . i ordered A Hi - C fruit punch Drink and They Gave a Coca Cola . Saaad  and thats not all , i ask no pickles on A quarter pound what i get, Pickles !!! bruuh Do ur Job Right . Night crew need more work!

I had no problem here: everything was present in my drive-thru order, and up to McDonalds' usual standards (whether you love them or loathe them).

Jessica, drive thru worker is always professional and goes above and beyond her duties. Thank you so much we need more fast food workers like you Jessica!

All I wanted was a McFlurry but 14 minutes in the drive thru made it impossible. I left empty handed and upset. Oh well, Sonic shake it is for me then!   Btw, drive through lady was hard to understand, they need to hear themselves through that speaker. Simply terrible, but then again we're in the hood and the next closest location is still in the hood.   Next time I'll just stop by the store and buy a tub rather than go through this hassle and headache.

Every time I've gone through this McDonald's Drive Thru, I've had a bad experience. The employees continuously make mistakes, from messing up orders, to charging the incorrect price. They have no problem showing attitude and hostility toward the customers, especially when customers try to correct their mistakes. Poor food preparation and quality. Horrible service, horrible employees, horrible presentation overall. Other than its convenient location, I don't know why I've even wasted my time going here more than once.

McDonald's has the best french fries, hands down.  With Burger King and Wendy's changing their fry recipes, and in my opinion, making them worse, McDonald's reigns supreme!  But don't take my word for it, Zagat.com has also rated McDonald's fries #1 for the last three years.  Otherwise, I don't eat at McD's because I think their burgers suck.  Have you seen Super Size Me?  http://www.mcdonalds.com/us/en/home.html

It is what it is, a McDonalds.  You get what you expect.  Inexpensive fast food.  They do have a value menu.  I do like the fries.

Not one of the better McDonald's,  I'm not usually a fan to begin with but my son wanted to play at the playground. I got a southwest salad and the fire roasted corn and beans were frozen solid. The grilled chicken was dried and hard .The store was dirty ( chocolate fudge smeared all over the playroom floor) at least I hope it's chocolate lol.garbage everywhere. I think I'll be going to the one in strongsville from now on.

Try cleaning your play area once in a while. It was so disgusting and both my kids got colds after going there.

I enjoy going to this McDonalds as it is the best in the Huntersville. I order from the kiosk and the burgers are very good.

I wouldn't normally rate a McDonalds, but this establishment, and the employees deserve kudos.  They are always fast through the drive through, and always courteous.  Nice, friendly employees!

Top notch service! This location has set the standard for McDonald's customer service!

I was expecting this location to be a lot nicer than it was since it is brand new. The floors were dirty & so were the tables. They messed up my order & I had to ask them to fix it after they ignored me for a while. They have touch screen games for kids. They were dirty & already broken, the screen was cracked & didn't work. The corner farthest away from the front of the store had at least 5 or 6 employees hanging out, laughing being loud and cursing. From what I saw someone should be cleaning the place instead of hanging out.

Horrible experience last night!  The management at this McDonald's needs to improve their employee training.  At least 20 young employees standing around laughing including the managers and ignoring the customers.  So why did it take 30+ minutes to get 2 apple pies that they told me would only take 6 minutes?  And their ice cream machine was down.  Brand new McDonald's and their equipment is already breaking down?  It's a bad sign.  Just go to a Chick-fil-a (any Chick-fil-a) and see the drastic difference in quality of food and customer service.  Needless to say, won't be going back to this McDonald's.

A beautiful new store, in a great location near WalMart and the car dealership megaplex. This store has the self service order kiosks, which will come in handy because they only have 3 registers. The seating ranges from spinning stools to some strange looking patio type chairs and if course the traditional booths.   The one thing that stood out to me was the menu board. When you step up to the registers, the menu is only a couple of feet away. It's very well lit, and I didn't need my glasses to read it.   Hopefully this McDonald's will be maintained and stay clean. Between the neighboring high school and the WalMart, it's going to take some work to keep it looking as nice as it does now.

The configuration for their entrance and parking lot seems to be designed to keep people out.  If you have a lot of time and patience to invest in getting into the place I'm sure the food is what you would expect at McDonald's

For a fast food restaurant.... I have never been more impressed before. I love how they greet you and their personality. I almost I forget I'm at McDonald. They definitely remind me of Chic Fil La. I wish more McDonald's were like them!

We love this McDonald's. We drive out of our way past other McDonald's to come to this one.  As my six-year-old son says, if you're into nice people go to this McDonald's. Food is delicious.

Wanted to write a positive review for an almost fine dining experience!  Yes, I realize I was at McDonald's!   I had the pleasure of having the Create Your Taste experience at this location, and it was phenomenal!  Upon entering the restaurant, you are able to build your own burger at their touch screen kiosks. This is only the beginning of the dining experience where you are able to select the type of meat you would like for your sandwich and a vast assortment of various accompaniments, including bacon.  My burger was extremely well well-dressed...  I chose the quarter-pound beef patty on Artisan roll with grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, bacon ($1.00 upcharge), pepper jack cheese, American cheese, guacamole, Mac sauce, crispy fried onions, and leaf lettuce. I also asked for the parmesan peppercorn sauce and creamy garlic sauce on the side to sample and to dip my fries  Once my order was placed, I had the option to pay at the kiosk or at the cash register.  I chose to pay atthe cash register so that I could confirm that my order was correct.  When the order was confirmed, I was given a hand-held locator and asked to be seated. The locator was used by the staff to find me in the dining area, and to bring the food to me once it was prepared.  I'm sorry, did I mention it's a McDonalds?  My wait was about 7 minutes, but for good reason!  I simply thought this would be a regular quarter pounder with cheese to which they would add all of my requests, but nooooo!  Your sandwich is prepared fresh to order, there is no pre-cooked meat, and it's dressed according to your specific taste.  My burger arrived wrapped in sandwich paper and my fries were in sandwhich paper inside of its own personal fry basket.  How very cute!  My burger was delicious and not overly messy... even with my grocery list of toppings.  The service was excellent!  My entire meal was $8.32 and well worth the extra cost, even at a fast food restaurant. I must say it was ONE OF THE BEST BURGERS I have ever had!  And since I received such a surprisingly excellent dining experience, I went to speak with the manager.  I wanted to compliment chef Cameron who prepared my burger, as well as the staff who assisted. The dining area was quite clean and I enjoyed my time at this very new and phenomenal McDonald's!!

The franchise owner of this location should hurry to get this store under control.  Management is horrible!  Service is horrible.  Took my kids there three times hoping things would improve.  Ordered a McFlurry.  Took three times to get it right.  The first was wrong flavor, second was with a hole in the bottom of cup with ice cream falling out....  Third time was with the employee using the N word in front of my to kids!  Right now this McDonalds is a joke!

This is without a doubt the worst McDonald's I've been to, no matter how many times I come here they never seem to get the order correct, 0/10.

I would have given this 5 stars if not for the fact that the chucklefuck drive thru staff randomly leaves work at 10 when it closes at 11 and when they are working do some fucked up things.  Example: I had lost my job, my wife, and my car, and a friend of mine picked me up on the side of the road, but not before I was forced to suck a dick for the $2 that would give me the moolah to afford a single pleasure in this meaningless world: a medium fry from THE KING of fast food, Ronald Firecrotch McDonald. We drove to this establishment, as it was nearest to the drug den that I had just left. Purple haze ringing in my nostrils and Nickelback blaring from the Hummer H2 behind me, I ordered my delicacy. Upon arriving at the window, I was shocked to find that the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to people who were born sideways with three umbilical cords wrapped around their extra chromosome. Good job being progressive giants, McDonalds. UNFORTUNATELY, this coke bottle glasses-wearing invalid decided to give me, a man with nary a possession to his name, a medium fry trapped indecently in a complex puzzle box constructed from bags that had clearly formerly hosted the cursed sperm sample that grew his hairy greasy ass in a test tube in Santa Monica. I was speechless, but since I couldn't afford a drink, a fire in the hole was not possible and I had to suffice with a middle finger held aloft by my comrade in my defense against this venerable Smaug of the culinary industry. Never again. 9/11 is in my heart today and tomorrow and the next day but after that idk seriously.

I've been to this drive through 3 times. I order simple things like a Big Mac meal or a couple burgers and fries. Yet some how they have never gotten my order correct. Today I ordered two hamburgers and fries. My hamburgers were damp and had pickled jalapeños instead of regular pickles. Not sure if this was a bad prank by the young staff or just a shitty burger that was made by someone who doesn't know the difference.   Also their drive through is always packed and people line up into the adjacent albertsons parking lot and road. Come on fatties.... At that point park and walk in.

It's frustrating when the person taking your order can't get it right. Simple, two plain cheese burgers and one classic bundle. Not 5 cheese burgers, not two bundles, etc. I can see why the wait at the drive thru was long, because he didn't know how to listen or clarify the order. Either get a new speaker/headphone set or teach your employees how to listen. I know you can get this right, McDonald's.

This McDonalds needs help...  I used to travel alot and Mcdonalds was always the go to fast food restaurant for us. Always consistant food and fast convenient service.  This branch is a very poorly run store. The last few times I have gone thru the drive thru the man taking the order was very rude. (the same person i think).. Could not seem to awnser any questions or be polite in any such way. And the food was sub par.  Two nights ago, we went to grab a quick snack wrap.. We were greated by a big man who had a very poor attitude. I thought maybe he was just having a bad night?? As we pulled to the counter to grab our order a car from the drive thru went around us to leave. He actually yelled at the man who takes orders that he needed to learn how to treat customers. I then knew that the rudeness that was suspected was not just my imagination..   Tonight was the absolute last time I will ever go here.. We went thru the drive thru around 12:00 AM and for some reason the man who normally takes the order said that they would be closed for 15 minutes for a break??? This is supposed to be a 24 hour location. I wasn't sure if he said 15 or 50 minute break so I asked him when they would re-open to have him yell 15 back in the headset? Some seriously bad service.    I will pass the word on that this location has inconsistant food and horrible service. The management at this fast food branch should be fired as well as the employees who seem to think that yelling at customers and treating them poorly is okay to do.

After yet another night of insane Vegas partying - and enjoying alcohol a-flowin' - we got the munchies. Where did we decide to go? When it's late and you want something cheap and easy (insert favorite jokes here), very little tops fast food.  We drove to a random McDonald's with a KFC next door - FYI, there are a LOT of them between the Strip and Red Rock (our hotel). At the drive-thru, we placed an order for large fries and 20 Chicken McNuggets.  When we went to get our food, we were told they were out of large fries - how does that happen??? - and were given hash browns as a substitute. Since it was between three and four in the morning, we didn't press the issue.  Anyway, the McNuggets were piping hot, fed us, and I have no idea what happened to those hash browns. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?

So dirty! t's Tuesday afternoon. About 3 patrons inside and a random drive thru customer. About 4 staff behind the counter. Garbage cans are overfilling, tables have food stuck on them, and the fountain drink area filthy. I was afraid to touch anything. Lots of time to lean...no time to clean apparently. Food was alright and lazy staff was friendly tho.

Other than the fact there is a Redbox outside and a two lane drive thru (at least at the star) there isn't anything great about this MCD's. If you are up for some nuggets or a Big Mac why not? But if not probably best to go to any of the other fast food joints nearby. Trust me it's not like there isn't one in throwing distance.

This is absolutely the worst McDonalds ever they don't even deserve to be located in Summerlin with the type of customer service that they serve especially the management team the manager and ANAI is the worst she has the worst attitude and if her team messes up on your order she refuses to fix it she does not need to be part of the manager team she should be just a cashier with the type of attitude that she served these customers I will make sure everybody knows not to go to this McDonalds you might as well take the extra drive and go to the McDonalds that's on Charleston and Town Center they will give you better customer service and they don't have managers like her and this sucks because I can't post this without giving it one star but if it was up to me it will be no stars in till they get rid of that manager

This place really is hit or miss on the service.  The food: cheap, that's why you go here. Period.  The service: Like I said, on & off. Sometimes they mess up. They're busy.. Cause of that heaven sent dollar menu. Love hate relationship guys.  Updates: They've got smoothies, & I love me some Mango Pineapple. Yum! :D  I would rate only 3 stars, but it keeps the 4th cause it's down the street.  I know, stupid reason. Well, shut it & write your own review... please. LOL.

This place sucks, slow, filthy and tons of homeless people inside.   Garbage everywhere.   All their soda machines are broke tonight too, what the heck.   I hate this place so much.

Absolutely worst McDonald's I've ever drove through. Came in at around 2am last night and ordered 3 hamburgers.. these people put so much salt and pepper on the burgers that they were not hardly edible. Yes.. it was that bad. It was almost as if they put a whole layer of salt and pepper on each side of the patties. And conveniently put VERY LITTLE sauce on all of them. These people that work this night shift need to be fired asap. We could even see the lady that was working laughing while talking to the cook. I guess even some people aren't professional enough to even work at a McDonald's.. sad.

Micky D's should all be the same, but this one in the 10 plus year I've been going there has about the most stand offish unfriendly people ever. It starts from the top so I guess the owners just don't care if there employees are unfriendly.

I stop here now and then as it's the closest to where I live.  Customer service used to be awful, but ti seems like they've gotten a bit better.    Today I got a side salad and a shamrock shake.  Everything was A-OK!

This location sucks. It's always closed after 11 pm even though the drive thru says Open 24hrs. I know it's McD's and the food is terrible but not being open when you're trying to scratch an itch sucks.

I only gave this place one star because there is no option for zero stars. First off.. Breakfast all day at McDonalds.. Awesome right? Well don't try to order the big breakfast platter from this place after noon.. Cause they will tell you they don't make it. I can't understand why.. If they serve breakfast all day now.. Why a menu item that has breakfast in the title is not served? And then be rude to the customer for asking them to explain why they don't make it. How hard is it to scramble some eggs on the grill.. And put a sausage patty on a plate.. The same sausage patties that they use on the sandwiches.. And put a biscuit on the plate.. Same biscuit used for the sandwiches.. I mean what's the extra step..? The eggs that take 30 seconds to scramble.. ? I just don't understand.. Then another employee gives me attitude for asking for ketchup.. It's like.. You work at McDonald's and act like its hard to put the correct food in the bag.. And that it's difficult to give a customer ketchup when you ask for it.. I mean I worked at McDonald's when I was younger and it was mandatory that we asked customers if they would like ketchup.. But maybe the standards of service have been lowered due to the incompetent employees they always seem to hire..

Woke up after a night of mistakes.  With head in a Vitamax 7500, my buddy took me home, but not before a stop at McDonalds.  A taste of the familiar going years and years back.  It was like slapping a band aid on a sucking chest wound.  The breakfast did not cure, but offered temporary relief.  All in all.....an A-OK experience.

If these folks could get an order right it would be a miracle, there has not been a time since this location opened that I did not have to return to get the order fixed.

***GO TO A DIFFERENT LOCATION*** Wrong items. Cold fries. Burned nuggets. Forgotten straws. Missing items.    Over two years I've lived near this location. They have an accuracy rate of 40%.   We literally play McDonald's roulette at this location trying to guess what items they would forget. It's hilarious. Once ordered a southern style chicken sandwich and it came with a fish filet patty. You can't make this shit up lol.   This McDonald's location is exactly the reason a lot of America doesn't support an increase in minimum wage. You could throw random food at my car and it would be as accurate as these people trying to put together my order.

Why is it that I always get the late-night staff that could care less about making their food good? The fries were old and hard, the burger was cold, and the soda was flat. One of the kids was leaning against the counter texting, another was sitting on the counter talking, and another had his iPhone headsets on when bringing the food. Cmon kids, please try to have a better work ethic so you'll have a better future in life.

The employees and manager, Andreas, don't listen very well!!  I've had to visit this location to many times and each time my order was wrong!  I won't be visiting this location again!  Also, the  espresso machine seems to be consistently down and long lines are a few more concerns. The owner should have contact info posted publicly, as they should be made aware that the employees and manager aren't processing orders correctly, inefficient and the long drive thru lines maybe the end result!

Good service but drive thru is slow!  When I pick up breakfast for the office- this is usu the place- but just to warn every1, I think going in is faster- but if you have a big order, you may get the stink eye from the other customers- just pretend to read the newspaper- or cont yelping to avoid eye contact!

Experience on July 13th, noon-ish: upon reading other yelpers' reviews, I should known the drive through is bad. Maybe it was my 38 week prego hormone too. I ordered a   large hot coffee, 5 sugar and 5 cream. That was it. The older lady in cashier window told me the MCD app doesn't work which is obviously a lie, because it actually did went through after she scanned. Got my coffee black from window #2. I got back in the drive thru line, cashier lady yelled at me and told me that black coffee was my order. I don't even know what to respond. In silence, she just waked away and got another guy to come tell me to go get my coffee at the next window. I know I wasn't purchasing a bottle of vintage Don Perignon from a club, it was just a 20oz coffee from a drive thru; but after that attitude, I am not going to drink that returned coffee. The hassle is from 20 minutes wasted there I have to hunt down my daily dosage elsewhere. Yuck!

The service here is pretty good. The manager Ronald is a really nice person. His personality is always happy and is nice every time we come. Food is always fast and quick!

This is the 2nd closest McDs to my house. The closest one is so inconsistent that I come to this one more often. The drive thru can be long  and they often run out of cinnamon melts but the food is at least the way I ordered it and hot when I get it. The inside is clean and a mad house during breakfast time. All in all a decent location.

Yes...it has come to this.  I only feel compelled to write this review because I work nearby, and I visit this McDonalds at least once a week.  I admit, I am a Dollar Menu addict. Where else can you get reasonably full for less than $5 for lunch. Nevermind the guilt and dangerous chemicals.  Anyway, the set up of the drive through makes for a real pain during peak lunchtime hours. This McDonalds is situated in a busy shopping center, right next to a Starbucks, Del Taco, Albertsons, Bank of America, and other shops. Things get rather congested and hard to maneuver.  However, as McDonalds goes, it is fine. The service is usually friendly and prompt (although the new guy they have in the drive thru is a *tad* too chatty!), and they haven't messed up my order.  Freshness and hotness varies, however.

If you are thinking WTF?, don't worry, I am too. Yes, I am writing a review of McDonald's. As a child, I was a fiend for their french fries. If we were within 100-yards of the spot, I could smell those suckers and break into tears with FF desire.   Fast-forward to today, and I can't remember the last time I ate food from McDonald's. (Ice cream cones don't count, and neither do desperate breakfasts on the road with a band.) However, two things:  1. This location has a 24-hour drive thru. 2. They now have smoothies! When it's midnight and you want a smoothie, what do you do? Consider ordering a Wild Berry or Mango-Pineapple from Mickey D's. They are cold, refreshing and tangy. All in all a decent smoothie.   I don't think it will kill you. (It hasn't killed me yet, but I've only had a total of 3 smoothies.)

The worst. The workers there never answer even tho it is a 24hr McDonalds. I work late and get off work late I hate that when I try to get a quick bite to eat sometimes they are open sometimes the are not and these assholes decide they aren't open or only have breakfast items at 1am. It's fucking McDonald's do your job and make the fucking food. It's not that hard.

This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to by far. I cannot think of enough bad things to say about their service. The Food is standard McDonald's fair, but, they did not give us our drinks with creamer, our order was wrong, the food oatmeal came without enough spoons for the orders count, we had to go back 3 times for all sorts of condiments, and they dish em out reservedly like their lives depend on it. They do not seem to understand foreign accents and this is Las Vegas, seriously, if you are going to run a shop in a tourist town, you might as well be prepared for it.

Okay, I know it's McDonald's so it's not like I should expect a whole lot, but when I come here their food is either cold, their breakfast sandwiches are mushy (how do you mess up something that sits under a heat lamp?) and their chicken nuggets are always dry. Their customer service is really hit or miss, I've had some people at the drive thru be completely unprofessional and I've had others be very attentive. Like I said, I shouldn't expect much anyways because Duh, it's McDonald's but for some reason this McDonald's is bottom of the barrel.

Thursday, 8:41AM:  Decent speed for two breakfast meals. Friendly enough. Free WiFi, but who knows what info they're harvesting. Breakfast food has been consistent and good as far as fast food breakfasts.  No sugar or cream at condiments section...had to go back and ask. No coffee sitters. Napkin holders awry and messy.   Worst thing was that the bottom of tray was covered in grease and it nearly slipped out of my hands...disgusting and unsanitary.

So I order a 20 piece McNuggets, wait 10 mins, get attitude from the drive thru window lady when she's giving me my food.  She can't even bother tobsay a word or answer me if that was everything.  I drive home and they didn't give me Sauce.   So you fail McDonalds.  BIG FAIL!

Be careful!  I ordered an iced drink @ the drive thru.  The guy @ the second window never said hi or thanks.  I thought my drink was just wet on the outside.   Within minutes my  plastic cup was sticky.  By the time I got home my hands were sticky as well as my steering wheel, shifter, window controls.  It was a lot of work getting myself & the car cleaned.   I called the local office.  All she said was that she was sorry & she would tell them to wipe off the glasses.  She did not offer to have a manager call me &/or send me a gift card. I emailed corporate.  All I have received is a form email  back.  It's been 5 days.  I think I will stick w/iced-tea lemonades @ Coffee Beans & Tea Leaves.  Bye MacDonald's!

I can't really review this joint as they serve breakfast since 3am...I mean really? Can't get burger after 3am just breakfast? That's no even funny...majority of macdonalds are getting really bad and this is a prime example.

My least favorite fast food place but my daughter's favorite so we make the appearance every now and then.  McDonalds has the best kids meals and playplaces so for my seven year old this is a great place.  Love the apple slices and much smaller fry bags for the kids.The sundays are good and the recently added smoothies are great.  Very disappointed in the new popcorn style chicken. It is worse than KFC's popcorn chicken was before they made larger pieces.  In fact, most of my box was just fried coating with little or no chicken.    As fast food places go, I find McDonalds the most consistent in quality and taste.  I love their breakfasts and the chicken nuggets are still the best.  Avoid the angus burgers.  They are not as good as advertized.

They didn't even deserve the 1 star I gave them. We went to this McDonalds and ordered some food. The food was good but I had some power tripping Mgr. Tell me and my son that we couldn't fill my Starbucks cup up with water....when I asked why she said because of cross contamination.....( now keep in mind this is a self service soda  machine) so that argument doesn't really fly since everybody using the machine is cross contaminating it.  This women poked my hand out of the way.....I'm like really women.....I left....and she says in a sarcastic tone....God bless you....I'm like he already has.... Get a life women!

McDonald's is the shiznit, for real though. How bow dah.... I be on that Mac jr. And the Xtra small fries. Mmmmmmmmmmhhmmm and that mcflurry tho don't even go there.

Kid wanted McDonald's and first off the fries are not fresh and the oil tastes old. The nuggets i ordered made fresh yet they still had an old taste to them. My kid loves sausage mcmuffins so I got two as well and they are burnt on the edges and sooo freaking hard to bite into.  Ridiculous. And we are dining inside while I watch these women in the back make food carelessly I have flies all over my food I don't even want to finish it so we will leave now. I really want to tell the manager how upset I am but he's a kid and I doubt a kid will satisfy my displeasing demeanor. I can say after my last debacle  here I will never return to this location I don't care if it's close to me. Id rather go to Boca park last time I was here I can't remember what my big issue was but the head manager called me apologized to me and sent me a few business type cards with a few free items I never came to get because I was so turned off by this location.  Just get better and care about the food you give people please. I worked at McDonald's when I was 15-17 and I know they have ethics and values just wondering why it's so lost in this location

This location needs new supervision. I'd say about 8/10 orders I receive from this location is wrong or they just don't put the order together completely. Last 3 orders have been missing something. On one order, we ordered a fairly large order, about 8 different burgers. Of those, we asked for one Big Mac with no cheese. They didn't put cheese on ANY of them. In fact one we got ended up being a quarter pounder with just the bun, patty and pickles, nothing else. Nasty.  The other complaint I have is half the time, the attitude is far from friendly. I wouldn't say rude, just that couldn't be bothered kind of attitude, and that probably contributes to the messed up orders.  Some people think that this kind of work deserves $15/hr. Those people are delusional. It's not the type of job that deserves that. Most people working at McD's are kids or students. Some management positions maybe, but not the average employee. Paramedics, paralegals, and other more important type of jobs don't pay that much.  Still have problems. This is a complaint for July 21, 2016. Ordered a few things. One was a plain fish filet, then a couple Big Macs and a couple mcdoubles.  First the filet. Specifically ordered a plain Filet o Fish, even saying to them 'all I want is the fish and the bun.' Got everything, tarter sauce, cheese etc.  So I asked them to fix it, again saying specifically how it should be- just the filet and the bun. Nothing else. So this time it had cheese on it. Really?!??!!! Luckily, the third time was the charm.  Next the Big Mac. They forgot that middle piece of the bun when they were putting it together, so they just put it on top, then put the 'lid' piece on top of that. Wow.  It is clear that this location will never bother to fix their employee problem. I went back and read other reviews about this location, and it is staggering to me that after numerous complaints about the same reoccurring problems, they still haven't fixed the problems yet. I figured with a big company like this, all of these complaints would have made corporate management step in and make the necessary changes. A lot of corporate chains have stipulations where corporate HQ will fine the franchise owner, or if bad enough, force them out of the company.  CORPORATE, if you are reading this, I would advise you to step in and fix this location. It is a complete and utter mess.

Absolutely the worst drive through.  Never get the orders correctly.  Wrong beverages, wrong sandwiches, wrong condiments.  The latest experience wrong beverages were offered and corrected at the pickup window, one of the sandwiches was prepared incorrectly and had to go through the long line drive thru again since inside was closed due to remodeling.  Got home and still wrong condiments, fries were not replaced and ice cold.  Upon notification was told had to come back one again though the drive-thru for refund.  Nothing else but the amount was offered.

Maybe it's just me, but it seems like the staff at this location isn't all that friendly.

Closest McDonald's to me, so of course it's a gamble with how convenient it is versus, drive further down to a more decent location than this one.. hmm. Drive-thru is very sloow & its happened twice where i ordered sweet tea both times in the drive thru, first time i got plain black ice coffee instead & tonight happened to have experience the same issue but this time it was with a coke. Park my car to go in and exchange my drink, id say it took 3 minutes until someone noticed me standing there waiting to fix my drink, they were pretty busy. But they fail to acknowledge their register/in door dinning. This place is not consistent at all.

I've been through in on a number of occasions and have never had a problem.  Food is typical Mcdonalds and it's always hot so nothing to complain about here. The drive through is usually fast.   As for whether or not the staff is friendly, I usually go here early in the morning, so I really don't care. I'm not friendly myself in the morning LOL     So as long as my order arrives promptly and they don't talk much and my coffee is hot  I'm good with it.

Really!!!  Hopefully this gets somewhere with you guys...this is the only way maybe you get your act together. (forget corporate number putting you guys on blast in front of everyone)  When a customer goes in and the place is not full in after hours (after 6:00 pm in last visit) or whenever you are not so busy.  If the customer says I'm not I hurry please last time I went through the drive thru..my burger was Simi Luke warm  and not to up to standard.  I get it...you get for what you pay for but if I had a choice between Jack in box and you guys I would probably choose jack in the box(I rather McDonald's)...I myself just got out of work and wanted something from you guys...I've had it before where it was all hot and fresh so it fucking infuriates me when I tell this to cashier...I specifically said I'm not in a rush...to start stale frys Simi Luke warm chicken nuggets and again Simi Luke warm quarter pounder with cheese...I'm not someone who eats burgers everyday but the day I do especially getting off from work I would like it hot and fresh....I wish In N Out was near thus location because I have seen what In N Out does to you guys on flaming and Fort apache...no comparison you would lose... Again if someone tells you they are not in a rush...Please listen to them  I've had it before in this location...let's see if someone in upper management sees this

I must say that I had a smoothie here when they came out months ago and they are horrible and way too sweet. Sonic has better ones and McD's obviously doesn't use real fruit. Even at midnight, this is not the best sweet tooth option. Wait, there is a positive. Using my 2-1 coupon, I tried the new Strawberry Frozen Lemonade and yes like the commercials indicate it is tart and sweet. These would be a better option to cool you down at $1.59 for a small. The strawberry syrup at the bottom might be the same they use on sundaes, but who knows for sure. McDonald's comes out with new stuff every month, but in the beverage department, frozen lemonade is king.

Long waits.  You'll get your food faster at many other non-'fast food' restaurants.  The 'drive-thru' line quickly fills up and begins to block the flow of traffic in the parking lot.  It's not uncommon to be not given requested sauces (e.g. hot sause for sausage burritos, ketchup for fries).    Same barely edible quality food that you might expect to find.  Customer service is worse than the sub-par service you might expect.

Seriously, this probably was the least friendly McDonald's ever.  Other than asking for our order, which was 3 coffees, they didn't say anything to us when we went to the drive-thru window or when we picked up the coffees.  Not one word.  We said thank you at each window.  Will not go back to this McDonald's for anything.

Avoid this McDonalds especially during lunch hours. Today was my last time to go to this place. I waited in the drive thru for 10 minutes and did not move one inch. There were probably 6-8 cars in front of me. When I was able I pulled out of the line and parked to order inside....huge mistake!!! The place was a zoo with people everywhere which is not a big deal except for one problem. They were complaining that they had been waiting forever for their orders. The place inside was clearly very disorganized with some workers just standing around, and others bumping around and into each other. They had ONE person trying to get each order for all of the people inside waiting for their food. Clearly management needs to get more involved as this location needs some serious help. All you have to do is read all of the other reviews. I am not alone in my assessment of this location.

They advertise drive thru open 24 hours, but apparently close. I'm not sure the exact time but both times I went there was around 3am. There were no signs saying they were closed, so I sat there for a few minutes in the drive thru. Then I said hello? Twice then someone responded saying we will reopen at 4am. I was really ticked off because I wasted my time and gas. I will no longer go there.

About as average as your local McDonald's can be.  This one is right up middle alley, not great but not spectacular either.  I just find it surprising the skinny-richie-constant work-outie people up here in Summerlin keep this place busy!  I mean literally not even a block away is Lifetime Fitness!  That place is hardcore.  Food = OK.  Service = OK.  Fast and efficient as a colonoscopy.  Really nothing of greatness at this McDonald's.  Really run of the mill.  We often visit this location if we are staying in the nearby Red Rock Casino.  Although I would suppose this location stays steadily busy is in part because of the tourists that stay at the Red Rock as well and want cheap eats while on vacation.  Gotta make up for all those lost wages!  Newest thing at McDonald's is their health-conscious Egg White 'Delight' McMuffin.  Definitely a healthier take on their breakfast menu.  And yes, I fell for that damn $1 coupon conveniently stuck to my McDonald's bag and tried one.  Myself being a bit of a health nut can't complain.  This egg white creation is pretty tasty.  Grilled egg whites, Canadian bacon (eh?), and white cheddar all on a toasted English muffin?  All for only 250 calories?  Yeah for a dollar I really liked it.  But at the regular price of almost $3?  I would have probably passed.  With coupon for $1 and a $1 coffee it made for a nice meal on the small scale of economy.  I almost, ALMOST, added a $1 hash brown.  Luckily I passed and decided to save my money & calories for later.  Other than that, I think majority of people around the world know what McDonald's offers on their menu.  If you don't, dang, you must be living under a rock?  Or possibly a place where there is no McDonald's within your vicinity (like under a rock).

I like this particular McDonalds. Service is generally fast and courteous and I've never had a problem the many times I've been here. I usually order the number 2 meal and it's always prepared the way it's supposed to be.

I went to this location a couple of weeks ago. This is how my visit went:  I pulled in the drive thru a few minutes before 10:30am just in time for breakfast.  I was the only person in the drive thru so I pulled right up to the menu I waited for someone to take my order at the speaker but no one said anything Finally an employee with an headset walked out of the back room of Mcdonalds I figured this was because the order speaker was broken or something But no, the employee walked over and flipped the menu from breakfast to lunchtime I was thinking in my head .... whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat? Keep in mind, my car is right there, I'm obviously waiting to order. Then the employee turned around and walked back into McDonalds Then someone started taking my order over the speaker I ordered my breakfast items. which they informed me they were no longer serving.  I was thinking in my mind do you not think I just saw you walk out and turn the menu, I mean my car was like 2 feet away from you Anyway, I was craving breakfast, so I let them know I wanted to cancel my order I was told the breakfast hours were over Then ... magically ... like a Christmas Miracle, they had breakfast for me.  Truth is I was willing to leave McDonalds with out my breakfast food. I have a rule for myself. I never fight with people that make my food behind closed doors. Yea, maybe paranoid but sadly its a reality. So I was completely polite about canceling my order. I do believe they did the right thing by offering me these breakfast items. Where i find the problem is the simple lack of customer service. That conversation of them no longer serving breakfast was one we should have never had. Implying that my order was an inconvenience when clearly It shouldn't have been.   So then, i went back a few days later (because I'm the type that gives second chances) and they missed a few items that I had ordered. Meaning I ordered them, saw it on the drive thru order menu screen, paid for it and it wasn't in my bag when they gave me my order.  Yea, this is a long review, I would honestly be surprised if someone read down this far. Props to you if you have. But the whole reason behind it is that I am just super tired of getting terrible customer service and paying for food that I don't get. The reason this review is only 1 star is because I have given this place multiple visits and keep coming up with the same problem. Bad customer service.

Not an actual 24hr location.  Been there many times and it's empty. Save the time and go to the Del Taco next to it or elsewhere.

One of the worst locations in charlotte. I occasionally stop in because it is close to home and am immediately reminded why it was a mistake. 20 mins + wait times in the drive thru, disrespectful and apathetic employees, and always out of something or equipment is broken are just a few of the issues here. I'm not expecting quality food out of McDonald's; I am expecting speedy service, a minimal amount of pleasantry and absolutely a correct order. Corporate intervention would help but their sales volume is insane and it'll never happen. Unless you have a craving, avoid if possible.

It's a 24-hour McDonald's. Stopped there at 9:45 tonight and was told no orders were being taken until 10 because they were changing shifts. Really? McDonald's has a franchise that can't figure out how to schedule people to cover a shift change? I was going through the drive thru and asked for the manager. He said no food would be served until after the third shift arrived. McDonald's really should be ashamed of the owner of this franchise because he or she obviously can't manage the restaurant efficiently. Or does McDonald's shut down all of its restaurants for 15 to 20 minutes every time you change shifts. I suggest corporate make a call and ask why management here can't effectively run a restaurant 24 hours without interrupting food orders.   \ 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

